
*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 74702 ***

The Bee, No. 30, Thursday, July 25, 1901




Transcriber’s Note: New original cover art included with this eBook is
granted to the public domain. Obvious typographical errors have been
corrected.




[Illustration: The Bee: BY INDUSTRY WE THRIVE]

TWELFTH YEAR

EARLINGTON, HOPKINS COUNTY, KENTUCKY, THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901

NO. 30

       *       *       *       *       *

KENTUCKY PRESS ASSOCIATION

Entertained Here by the St. Bernard Coal Company in June, 1878.

COMING AGAIN THIS YEAR.

Emmett G. Logan, Then a Courier-Journal Reporter, Wrote Up the Trip.

Novel and Elegant Entertainment in the Mines Reported by Pencil Pushers.

Way back in 1878, when the editor of THE BEE was a small devil in a
Madisonville printing office, and before THE BEE “angels” were, the
Kentucky Press Association held its annual meeting at Hopkinsville,
and after the “business” and a large part of the pleasure had been
transacted, they accepted the invitation of the management of the St.
Bernard and Hecla coal companies, and came to Earlington for a day of
very novel experience in the green-clad hills and the rich coal mines of
Earlington, that were then growing from their early infancy to the great
magnitude and almost world-wide fame they have now attained.

The output of the St. Bernard mines in 1878, eight years after the first
pick was struck in the coal, was 4,407,600 bushels; last year the output
of this group of mines reached the enormous figure of 21,825,496 bushels.
Then the St. Bernard and Hecla mines were the only ones in operation. Now
there are numerous other large mines, and the total output of coal from
Hopkins county in 1900 was 33,843,500 bushels, or nearly one-fourth the
total output of the vast coal fields of the entire State.

This record of the early visit of the Kentucky newspaper men to the rich
coal fields of Hopkins county is a matter affecting local history, and
has been treasured in the memory of many Earlington people, as it was
preserved in the writings of many an able journalist, while the memory
of the experience was fresh. One writer spoke of it as “a most novel
and magnificent affair.” This occurrence transpired years prior to the
establishment of THE BEE, and now it is timely that THE BEE should
reproduce somewhat of the record of that event.

Col. E. G. Sebree, Sr., was then President of the St. Bernard Coal
Company, and Mr. John B. Atkinson was Vice President and General
Superintendent. Col. Jo. F. Foard was President of the Hecla Company.

Gen. James H. Wilson was Superintendent of the old St. Louis and
Southeastern, now the St. Louis and Henderson Divisions of the Louisville
and Nashville Railroad. Conductors E. H. Mann, John C. Loomis, W. M.
Brady and A. S. Batch were subjects of especial thanks at the hands of
the press boys.

W. J. Lampton, E. Polk Johnson, George W. Bain, Urey Woodson, J. Stoddard
Johnston, I. B. Nall and E. G. Logan were among the representatives
present who have attained prominence in press and public circles.

Emmett G. Logan, the orator of that meeting, now editor of the Louisville
Times, wrote thus in part in the Courier-Journal about the Earlington
part of the entertainment:

                      AN UNDERGROUND BANQUET.

    Down in the Hecla the air is filled with noisome vapors, and
    upon emerging we were advised to take an antidote in the shape
    of distilled water, from a spring on which the moon had never
    shown, made palatable by a judicious admixture of saccharine
    matter and flavored with sprigs of an aromatic plant of the
    genus Mentha—a piece of advice that was taken with a good deal
    of unction. Then came the announcement that dinner would be
    served in the St. Bernard mine, one mile from the entrance. I
    acknowledge that I received this announcement with an action
    approximating a shudder, but as I was in a strait between two
    shudders—one at the thought of going to the end of a hole a
    mile long to get my dinner, and the other at the appalling
    prospect of getting no dinner at all—I determined to face the
    lesser shudder and went in the hole. However, as is frequently
    the case, proximity did not mean similarity. Though the two
    holes were near neighbors, there was an infinity of preference
    in favor of the upper one—the St. Bernard, which is located on
    a much higher plain and cut into an entirely different vein
    of coal. It is seven feet thick, and forms a segment of a
    hill; while the Hecla is but five feet thick and lies far down
    under the valleys. Here were large, clean cars, provided with
    clean seats for six persons, and the trains drawn over smooth,
    dry tracks by two large mules in tandem. There were a number
    of trains of six cars each, and the lights of the miners,
    glimmering in the distance like fireflies, made, what was to
    me at least, a novel and interesting spectacle. Near the point
    of destination the entry had been closed by a large sheet, or
    drop curtain, and as the train approached it was drawn aside,
    and disclosed to the astonished view of the upper land-lubbers
    a truly wonderful spectacle for such a place. There was a
    magnificent gallery, thee hundred yards long, some twenty feet
    wide and ten or twelve high, lit up by more than a thousand
    candles, a band of music filling these living catacombs with
    softest symphonies, and two long tables loaded with delicacies
    and presided over by fair women, spread out before that hungry
    crowd. It was a time for admiration and for appetite.

    It was my good fortune to fall early into the hands of Mr.
    Robinson, General Foreman of the mines. Eight years ago the
    3d of last May he and one companion stuck the first pick into
    what is now the Great St. Bernard, with its capital stock of
    one million dollars, with a fee simple to mineral privileges in
    thirteen thousand acres of land, and has driven thirteen and
    a half miles of entries, and has five miles of iron railroad
    underground and a mining capacity of 25,000 bushels, or 1,000
    tons per day. Its total output to date is 22,500,000 bushels
    or 900,000 tons. Output for the year ending April 1, 1878,
    4,407,500 bushels, or 173,304 tons.

    Even while the guests of that festive occasion were enjoying
    the good things so lavishly set before them, there would reach
    their ears the distant rumble of blasts fired off far away in
    the depths of the hill. There is no end to the coal there and
    there is no limit to the St. Bernard’s facilities for getting
    it out. Many interesting facts and statistics were furnished me
    but the loss of a memorandum book will save them for another
    visit and another letter. Mr. Robinson was born on the Isle of
    Man, and is now about forty-five years old. He has lived in
    mines since he was ten and is better satisfied in the earth
    than on it. He has three brothers, foremen in the mines, and
    one of his sons is a member of the mine band that furnished
    music for the occasion.

    No one in that party will ever forget the day spent at St.
    Bernard and Hecla, or the many courtesies or goodly cheer
    received at their hands. Col. Sebree, Mr. Atkinson and others
    were especially attentive to the wants and wishes of the party.
    Mrs. Atkinson, Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Williams and Miss Lina Judson,
    who presided over the subterranean feast, were embalmed in a
    resolution of thanks, as well as in the memories of the press.

Mrs. Nannie Houston Banks, who is since known as an accomplished author
and a brilliant newspaper correspondent, was of the party with her
husband, Mr. James N. Banks, representing the Henderson Reporter.

Mrs. Banks was, it will be remembered, shut up in one of the besieged
South African cities—probably Kimberly—during the Boer war, while acting
in the capacity of special correspondent to a leading daily of New York
or London.

The following from the Reporter sounds like the writing of a woman and
we attribute it to Mrs. Banks:

    After they had partaken of the refreshments so bountifully
    furnished on the surface of the earth, they were invited by
    the proprietors of the mines to a feast under the earth that
    rivalled in splendor the dreams of Aladdin. They were conducted
    to the main entrance of No. 11 vein of coal, where cars drawn
    by mules, had been provided in which to take the journey; and
    taking their seats, each one having provided himself with a
    little tin miner’s lamp, they were whirled into the bosom
    of mother earth through a solid vein of coal eight feet in
    thickness, around curves and up grades for at least a mile—the
    miners blasting in the vein beneath, (No. 9,) sounded like
    a salute of welcome from distant canon. Approaching their
    destination, away off through the dark cavern could be seen
    twinkling lights, like stars on the brow of night, which, on
    a nearer approach, were discovered to be a thousand candles
    lighting up a magnificent chamber or Hall. The contrast between
    the narrow and dark tunnel through which they had been conveyed
    and the lighted chamber was grand and inspiring; but when
    on approaching nearer, the car was greeted by the notes of
    the “Red, White and Blue” from a brass band stationed at the
    extreme end, it became overwhelming, and the souls that had
    been hushed into awe and silence by the wonders of the journey
    and the grandeur of the scene broke forth into loud huzzahs
    that made the hallways ring. It brought to memory the tale of
    some robber chieftain returning with his booty to his home in
    the cave. Getting out of the cars they found themselves in a
    large and spacious room cut out of solid coal, with chandeliers
    of candles pending from the roof and jetting out from the
    sides; two long rows of tables, capable of seating two hundred
    persons, covered with white cloth and laden with the fat of the
    land—mutton, hams, the nicest of butter, bread and cakes, the
    purest old Java and the richest of cream to give it flavor and
    color. Attentive waiters under the direction of the proprietors
    were busy in making each guest whet his appetite.

    Several ladies added to the scene their presence, (each editor
    should have had a wife and had her with him,) among the number
    Mrs. John B. Atkinson, the wife of the superintendent of the
    St. Bernard mines, a lady whose noble face and pleasant and
    graceful manners marked her at once as the person who had
    planned, executed and carried into effect this most delightful
    denouement to a most elegant entertainment. Col. Sebree,
    President of the mines noted for his indomitable energy
    and perseverance and jolly disposition—accompanied by his
    gentlemanly and effective aids, Mr. John B. Atkinson and Maj.
    M. M. Kimmell, the superintendents respectfully of the St.
    Bernard and St. Charles mines, were everywhere present, adding
    to the pleasure of the day and the comfort of their guests.

    The occasion will be long remembered, and the trip into the
    mines with its pleasant contrasts and surprises will be
    recounted time and time again around the fireside and in
    the business circles. Very few of the editors had by ocular
    demonstration any idea of the vast coal resource of Southern
    Kentucky until this trip. A vein of coal in which the tallest
    man may walk upright extending for miles in inexhaustible
    quantities, was something they had read of but never seen.
    There are others beneath the one they entered averaging from
    four and a half to five feet in thickness, and these are
    underlaid by the finest block coal—all of which when fully
    developed will make this section the richest on the globe.

    It is to be hoped that attention may be called more frequently
    by the press to our magnificent resources that immigration may
    be induced and they fully developed.

H. C. Batts said in the Clarksville Chronicle:

    Thursday, at 9 o’clock, a.m., we got aboard the special train,
    provided by the St. Louis & Southwestern Railroad Company and
    in an hour found ourselves

                        AT THE COAL MINES,

    whither we went on the invitation of the Hecla and St. Bernard
    Mining Companies. About 150 persons composed the excursion
    party. After refreshing the spiritual liquidiam we were put in
    charge of Col. Foard, who gracefully did the Furguson for us
    in showing us through the mines. We were “loaded up” in little
    cars, pushed upon the platform and let down the shaft 90 feet
    into Cimmerian darkness.

    There mines employ 175 men, and produce annually 2,226,000
    bushels of coal. After exploring the mines, seeing the miners
    “dig” and “blast” we got in our cars and were drawn back to
    the foot of the shaft, and again drawn up into daylight. We
    “refreshed” again, (the refreshment consisted of lemonade and
    cigars). We were then escorted up to the mouth of the St.
    Bernard mines, where several trains of cars stood ready to
    receive up. We were in blissful ignorance of the very

                          GREAT SURPRISE

    that awaited us. We were placed in the little coal cars, nine
    in each car, (however, Riley had a special car, for obvious
    reasons), an escort of miners was provided to accompany us, and
    we started on our delightful journey into the ground. For the
    distance of a mile and a half with a clang and a clatter, on
    the track and off, we went at a rattling speed. Finally at a
    turn in the chute, a scene suddenly burst upon our vision that
    cannot be described nor forgotten. A quarter of a mile distant
    we beheld the materialized

                        GROTTO OF CALYPSO,

    an underground paradise of more than oriental splendor and
    magnificence. It was simply beyond description and above
    comparison. Imagine, if you can, a hall 400 feet long and 50
    feet wide lighted with 1,000 wax candles, placed in clusters
    at regular distances along both sides and suspended from the
    ceiling 40 feet overhead; the walls literally covered with
    festoons of flowers and evergreens; the floor carpeted with
    moss and strewn with flowers; hundreds of bouquets on the two
    tables which ran the whole length of the hall, and hanging
    baskets of flowers overhead, while the liberal tables were
    weighted down with a dinner that would have pleased Epicurus
    himself. We were struck dumb with astonishment at this
    unexpected sight of fairyland and unanimously decided to stop
    our trains that we might admire the beautiful scene. Then the
    whole mountain shook with the most deafening cannonade; again
    and again the terrible thunder rolled through the caverns,
    until the whole mountain to her center shook. On inquiring, we
    were told that it was the miners blasting 80 feet below us,
    saluting the party. The cannonade ceased, the band began to
    play, and our senses were absolutely intoxicated with delight.
    When we proceeded to demolish the dinner, and after two or
    three hours of unadulterated happiness we reluctantly left the
    enchanted grotto. After listening to a very palatable paper
    by Judge McHenry, of St. Louis, (whose humor, by the way, is
    much like that of our lamented Humphreys, elevated, dignified,
    chaste), we started for Hopkinsville, and at 8:30 p.m.,
    attended the reception by Dr. and Mrs. Rodman, at the Asylum,
    which was a most elegant affair.

This visit to Earlington was made June 6, 1878. One week from tomorrow,
Friday, August 2, 1901, the Kentucky Press Association comes to
Earlington again and will be entertained at luncheon, details of which
will be given later.

       *       *       *       *       *

INJUNCTION CAME JUST IN TIME.

Striking Machinists at Ansonia, Conn., Had Become Violent—Some of Their
Acts.

Ansonia, Conn., July 18.—The effect of the sweeping injunction granted
by Judge E. B. Gager, restraining the striking machinists, their unions
and their sympathizers from interfering with non-union men at the Farrell
foundry, has been to check what promised to be a serious outbreak here.
The history of the strike situation in Derby, Steelton and Ansonia,
three small manufacturing communities, aggregating possibly 25,000
inhabitants, shows that there has been little temporizing on either
side. Four concerns, employing probably 400 machinists, were affected
by this strike, the Ferrell Foundry and Machine Company of this place,
the Driggs-Seabury Gun and Ammunition Company and the Birmingham Iron
Foundry of Derby and the Whitlock Printing Press Manufacturing Company
of Steelton. Demands exactly like those made by machinists all over the
country were made and refused and the strike began on May 20.

The Farrell Foundry was the first to begin running its shop with
non-union help. Men from New York were brought here about June 15,
were placed in the shop and have been doing good work, so the company
officials say. The arrival of the new men was the signal for the striking
employees to begin a series of actions which resulted in the injunction.
Every day and night the shop was surrounded by pickets but the presence
of Sheriff Dunham’s deputies prevented any pickets reaching the new men
or anything being done to annoy them until the early morning of July 4.
Then, to show more thoroughly than ever that the union men think that
not every man in this free land is entitled to earn his daily bread
unmolested, strikers or their sympathizers bombarded the sleeping
apartments of the new men with skyrockets and Roman candles, frightening
them, endangering property of the company.

Several days later one of the new men left the shop and went to his home.
Returning on Sunday evening, he was not recognized by the guard at the
shop door, and admittance was refused. He fell into the hands of the
pickets and was persuaded to leave town. Five men boarded an electric car
with him to show him the way to Bridgeport. Reaching Derby, he insisted
that two men were enough, unless the strikers wanted to “do him up.” The
last Ridgeport car having left, two men started to show him the road to
Bridgeport. The new man having declared his willingness to walk.

When the outskirts of Shelton were reached the electric lights went out.
What happened there only three men know. The striking machinists say
that the man, without warning or cause, sprang on them and slashed them
fearfully with a razor. The man says the strikers, after kicking and
pounding him, tried to throw him into the river, and he used his razor in
self defence. He returned to Shelton, was arrested, released on bonds,
and is back at work.

On Monday last David Smith, one of the striking employees, and A. M.
Valentine, another, returned to work. At 6 o’clock Smith was followed
home and made a promise not to return to work. He is old and promised
because, he said, he was too old to stand the nervous strain. Valentine
is colored and was in church when the crowd gathered around his house.
The noise broke up the meeting and Valentine met a committee in the
church vestry and there made his promise.

These acts were followed by the injunction. This injunction not only
prohibits such demonstrations, but upsets the scheme on foot to boycott
merchants who sell to the company, and if any merchant refuses to sell to
the foundry or its employees he becomes a party to the illegal conspiracy
and subject to the penalties of such disobedience.

The pickets have all been called in and one of the head officials of the
machinists who has been here has gone to Washington to consult about
the situation. The strike is practically broken. The Whitlock Company’s
men have all returned, except such as were discharged, without gaining
a point. The Birmingham Iron Foundry started its roll department on
Wednesday with new men and no demonstration occurred. The Driggs-Seabury
concern is shut down indefinitely. The Farrells have gradually increased
their working force.

       *       *       *       *       *

UNION STRIKERS MUST PAY COSTS.

Metal Polishers of Dayton, Ohio, Assessed $586 in an Injunction Suit.

Dayton, Ohio, July 18.—The metal polishers, as a union or individuals,
will have to pay $586 as costs in the injunction suit brought against
them by the Manufacturers’ Association. Execution was issued this
afternoon by County Clerk C. W. Biser against the Metal Polishers’ Local
Union No. 5, and the several hundred defendants who were permanently
enjoined at the instance of the Dayton Manufacturing Company from in
any way interfering with its business, directing and commanding Sheriff
Keshner to levy upon any of the goods and chattels of the defendants or
upon any of the lands or tenements of the defendants to satisfy the claim
for costs.

The costs were incurred in the hearing of the injunction suit, and
were in favor of the clerk, the Sheriff and witnesses. The fees of the
witnesses alone amount to about $102. The costs stand as a judgement
against the union and the defendants who were enjoined by Judge Kumler.
The costs are a lien upon property, and building associations will not
lend money upon property so encumbered.

       *       *       *       *       *

INJUNCTION AGAINST MACHINISTS.

Restrained From Interfering With Men Employed by the Holly Co. of
Lockport.

Buffalo, July 18.—In Special Term today Justice White granted an
injunction order restraining 160 machinists, now on strike at the Holly
Manufacturing Company’s plant in Lockport, from interfering with men now
at work or about to go to work there. It is directed against the lodge of
the National Association of Machinists “and others.” The application was
made by Judge Potter, a partner of Senator Ellsworth. The Holly company
has just secured an $800,000 contract for pumps for the Water Department
of Cincinnati and means to employ non-union men for the work.

       *       *       *       *       *

NEW $10 SILVER CERTIFICATE.

It Has Been Christened the “Buffalo Bill” as it Bears on its Face the
Figure of a Buffalo.

Washington, July 18.—The fourth in the series of new silver certificates,
which will be known as the American series, will soon be issued from the
Bureau of Engraving and Printing, where the plates are nearly finished.
It will be a ten-dollar bill and has already been christened the “Buffalo
Bill,” not after Col. Cody, but because its distinctive character
will be the figure of a gigantic buffalo. On the note the buffalo is
headed westward, his shaggy head well down for a charge, his tail in a
pugnacious attitude and his matted mane sweeping the ground.

In this note, as in others of this series, it is intended to leave as
much open work as possible with a handsome design, the silk threads in
the paper forming one of the greatest safeguards against counterfeiting.
In many of the older notes the threads were almost entirely obscured by
scroll-work. The subjects for this series will be confined to American
life, hence the “American series.” On the one-dollar bill is the eagle,
on the two, George Washington, and on the five the handsome head of the
Indian chief, Onepapa. It was suggested that a picture of the battleship
Maine be used on the ten-dollar notes and the suggestion was at first
adopted. Later it was rejected as not distinctively American and not
to be distinguished from any other battleship. The department is still
searching for suitable subjects for the twenty and fifty-dollar bills.

       *       *       *       *       *

Nisbett-Laffoon.

Madisonville, Ky., July 20.—Mr. P. Watt Nisbett and Miss Emma Laffoon
went to Henderson this morning and were married this afternoon. The
wedding was a surprise to their friends here. The bride is the daughter
of ex-Congressman Polk Laffoon.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE BIG STORE. || THE BIG STORE.

JULY CLEARANCE SALE

We have arranged stock and made prices to close every vestige of Summer
Goods in our house. Those who have been and are our customers know that
we do in our store what we advertise in the papers.

CLOTHING.

=On Table No. 1= We have put all of our Men’s $4.50, $5 and $5.50 Suits
on one Table, and they all go in this July sale at one uniform price
=$3.98=

=On Table No. 2= all of our $6.50, $7.00 and $7.50 Men’s Suits—your
choice of the table =$5.00=

=On Table No. 3= All of our $8, $8.50, $9 and $10 Suits—your choice of
the Table =$7.25=

=On Table No. 4= All of our $12.50, $15, $16.50 and $18 Suits: in fact,
everything in our house, nothing reserved: nothing held back except our
Finest Black Granites and $20 Fancies. IF YOU WANT A FINE SUIT DON’T
DELAY =$11.50=

=Pants= We have selected over 100 pairs of Pants left from Suits and put
in our big show window at about half price. EVERY PAIR A BARGAIN.

Straw Hats.

Choice of any Straw Hat in the house, Men’s or Boys’ for 25c., except our
$2 and $2.50 Towns & Grace Hats.

Collars.

We have culled from our stock about forty dozen Men’s 15c. Linen and
Celluloid Collars, slightly soiled, put in this sale three for 10c.

Men’s Shirt Waists.

Just opened a new lot of Men’s Shirt Waists.

Ribbons.

We have put in this July sale some twenty-five bolts Fancy Ribbon, worth
20c. to 30c. per yard, at 10c. Some thirty pieces fancy at half price.

Boys’ and Children’s Suits all go in this July sale at one-fourth off our
regular price.

WASH GOODS.

We have put on our =3½C. TABLE= about three thousand yards of 5c.
Dimities and Lawns

7½c. Table.

We have selected and put on this Table:

    10 pieces 10c. Percale
    6 pieces 10c. Bedford Cord
    15 pieces 15c. Fancy Pique
    25 pieces 8½c. and 10c. Lawn
    15 pieces 10c. Dimity

10c. Table.

    6 pieces 25c. French Cheviots
    5 pieces 20c. French Gingham
    3 pieces 25c. Organdy
    25 pieces 12½c. and 15c. Lawn
    2 pieces 25c. Crinkle Cloth
    5 pieces 15. Fancy Pique
    6 pieces 15c. Bedford Cord
    5 pieces 25c. Half-wool Challie

12½c. Table.

    25 pieces 25c. Organdy
    15 pieces 15c. Dimity

15c. Table

    6 pieces 50c. Silk Striped Challie
    10 pieces 50c. Silk Madras Cloth

THESE PRICES ARE FOR THE REMAINING DAYS OF JULY ONLY.

DULIN & M’LEOD || Madisonville, Kentucky]

       *       *       *       *       *

DOWN IN THE MINES.

That Jim Wood and his gang hope to succeed by practicing deception is an
evident fact. When they first came to this county they came claiming that
only peaceable means would be employed in accomplishing their purpose,
but people had but a short time to wait until they became fully convinced
that their intention was the use of force, if necessary. Next we hear
of the U.M.W. secretly at work trying to fill up the mines as far as
possible with union men, under the guise of being non-union, another form
of deception. Then they employed colored preachers to go among their race
and deceive them by lying. But up to this time the operators have always
been aware of their evil intentions and acts and have thus far been able
to thwart their evil purposes. And Agitator Wood need not think for a
moment that his slick scheme to get union men in large numbers into this
county on July 27th, by advertising a free barbecue, is unknown to the
operators of our coal mines. His movements and plots are well known and
will be met.

The diabolical plot to thus bring in a large crowd of thugs from other
States to capture and shut down the mines of this county has been
unearthed, and unless steps are taken to prevent any attempt by force on
that day to accomplish their purpose, bloodshed will follow, as there are
now, at a moment’s notice, thousands of brave men in this county who will
risk their lives in defense of the miners and operators of this county
who are willing and ready to work and have no grievance to settle.

Naturally, the closing down of many large steel plants will cut the
demand for coke and coal and the miners as well as every other industry
will suffer during the strike.

The scarcity of U.M.W.’s at mining points the last week or two is quite
noticeable. With the exception of Madisonville, where they can be found
around the saloons building air castles, very few are seen.

Cols. Dick Salmon and Artemus Ward were over last week. They complained
of a scarcity of coal cars at the Crabtree mines for a few days.

A former employe at the Barnsley mine, a young Mr. Harris, was one of the
victims of the late railroad wreck near there last Thursday night.

So extremely warm has been the weather that the miners dread the trip to
and from work. The mine is the place sought by them at present.

Henry Jones has joined the mechanical force of the St. Bernard Coal Co.,
and as he has been in the Philippines, where the thermometer often
registers 120 in the shade, he is able to stand the weather here first
rate.

Some new slack washers to replace old ones are now being put in at the
coke ovens during the lull in business.

The severe drouth in this county will have a serious effect on all
business outside of coal mining, an industry of vast importance to the
county, but, strange to say, one that many people are now in a conspiracy
to ruin, if possible.

As is usually the case during the heated season, the stock of coke
accumulates, and many car loads can be seen stacked up ready for the big
winter demand. On account of the falling off of orders in the summer, the
St. Bernard never decreases its production, but has a big winter supply
on which to begin.

A big coal miners’ strike has been averted in Missouri by both sides in
the controversy conceding some minor points.

Like it is with the mine operators in this county, the steel magnates
claim there is nothing to arbitrate. It is simply a question of who shall
operate the works, a gang of agitators or men of sense and means who have
investments trusted to their care.

The idle U.M.W. boys now employ a portion of their time jumping freight
trains and stealing rides. They have ceased to work in the mines and have
become violators of the law, another proof that idleness always begets
crime.

Secretary Hall, of the Oakhill Coal Co., made a business trip north last
week. He is out after business and is determined to show the poverty
producers that his mine will continue to run in spite of threats and
intimidation.

Agitator Wood certainly underestimates the intelligence of our Hopkins
county miners, when he thinks that a sop thrown out to them in the shape
of a free barbecue will entice them to join the ranks of the U.M.W., who
have nothing but misery and poverty to promise them in return for servile
obedience.

An eastern judge has the proper conception of what constitutes abusive
and offensive language, as will be shown by his decision here given:

“The scabs have come to town.” He was promptly arrested, although he
had not spoken in a loud voice or to any crowd. Davis was fined $50 and
costs—$62.50 in all—by Judge Bryant in the city court.

“And I want to add,” continued the judge in imposing the fine, “that if
any one else comes before me on the charge, I will not only fine him
fifty dollars, but send him to jail for six months.” Davis’ fine was paid
by subscription.

One William Blakely, a member of the U.M.W., who is evidently paid to
write articles which will place that organization always in the front
regardless of the facts in the case, has lately written to a labor
journal an account of the trouble between Gabe Stokes and Agitator
Rooney, wherein he shows his usual love for prevarication. The statement
made that Gabe Stokes and Roy Blanks showed the white feather by quickly
leaving is entirely false. The writer was present and can testify so far
as he saw that they beat no hasty retreat, but stood their ground like
men when they were outnumbered two to one. It seems that the only fact
stated by Blakely is that Rooney shot Stokes in the face when Stokes was
some distance away from him and not going towards him. If cowardice was
shown it was when a party of U.M.W.s implicated in the trouble ran and
shut themselves up in a house when they were heavily armed, and begged to
be allowed to surrender.

       *       *       *       *       *

Success—Worth Knowing.

Forty years success in the South proves Hughes’ Tonic a great remedy for
Chills and all Malarial Fevers. Better than Calomel and Quinine. Contains
no Arsenic. Guaranteed, try it. At Druggists. 50c. and $1.00 bottles.

       *       *       *       *       *

MRS. BUCKNER,

An Aged and Respected Lady, Dies Thursday at Her Home Near Earlington.

The Widow Buckner, aged about eighty-seven, died last Thursday at her
home near Earlington, after an illness of several weeks, brought on by
old age. She leaves four sons, two daughters and many friends to mourn
her death. The remains were laid to rest Friday at the Flat Creek burying
ground.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Sour Stomach

“After I was induced to try CASCARETS, I will never be without them in
the house. My liver was in a very bad shape, and my head ached and I had
stomach trouble. Now, since taking Cascarets, I feel fine. My wife has
also used them with beneficial results for sour stomach.”

Jos. Krehling, 1921 Congress St., St. Louis, Mo.

CANDY CATHARTIC

Cascarets

TRADE MARK REGISTERED

REGULATE THE LIVER

Pleasant. Palatable. Potent. Taste Good. Do Good. Never Sicken, Weaken,
or Gripe. 10c. 25c. 50c.

CURE CONSTIPATION.

Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago, Montreal, New York. 918]

       *       *       *       *       *

=NO-TO-BAC= Sold and guaranteed by all druggists to =CURE= Tobacco Habit.

       *       *       *       *       *

QUEER CASE.

Man Reported to be Growing His Third Set of Teeth.

ITEMS FROM WEBSTER AND UNION.

                                                   BORDLEY, KY., JULY 23.

Sam Arnold, who recently had all his teeth extracted, furnishes one
of the most remarkable cases known to the dental profession. He was
preparing to make an order for false teeth the other day, when, much
to his satisfaction, he discovered that a third set was making its
appearance.

A new shaft is in process of construction at Clay. The work is being
rapidly pushed and not much time will elapse until its completion.

Miss Nannie Hammock, a charming young lady, is very ill of typhoid fever.

Nance Ringo, who was severely lacerated while sharpening the circular saw
at Runnion’s saw mill near here by an accidental starting of the engine
is getting along nicely under care of physicians at his home in Marion.
His many friends will be pleased to learn that he will be able to resume
work in a few weeks.

Invitations are out announcing the marriage of Prof. W. B. Davis, of
Sturgis, and Miss Charline Wilson, of Crider, on the 24th inst., at
the home of the bride. Prof. Davis is principal of the O.V. College at
Sturgis and is a very promising young man. Miss Wilson is a most charming
young lady and a leader in society.

Thomas Talbott, who received a part of the Tyson estate in Australia,
valued at forty millions, has been arrested on charge of operating a
gambling establishment at Blackford.

Several attended Gordon’s lecture at Marion Monday night.

Webster merchants declare that their trade has doubled since the railroad
building commenced.

Miss Anna Thomas is very ill with typhoid fever.

The Dekoven baseball team played Russellville, Elkton, and neighboring
towns last week. The boys are determined to retrieve their “honor” they
lost in their games with the Nashville club.

Crops are withstanding the dry weather even better than was first
expected.

A large amount of the choicest oak is being shipped to Evansville by
local contractors.

Oats threshing has commenced and a good yield is reported which will
lessen the effects of the drought.

The cost of the trial of Dr. N. E. Clark will in the end aggregate
several thousand dollars.

Mrs. Bettie Hearin, of Hearin, continues her lingering illness, with
little prospect of recovery.

Miles Cannon, who is in the employ of the L. & N. at Earlington, is an
old Bordley boy. We are glad to learn of the cordial relations existing
between him and the road.

Mrs. Louisa E. Clift has been on the sick list the past week.

Win. Reaser is visiting at Edna, Kan., where he will spend several weeks.

L. L. Hill, who has just returned from the Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo, is well pleased with his visit.

Coal mines of Webster and Union are beginning to prepare for the rush
this fall. Large shipments of coal are expected especially in Webster
where the union labor is not so large a factor.

                                                                  C. W. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE HEADLIGHTS.

The conductors and brakemen are allowed ten pounds of ice between
Earlington and Nashville and the engineers are also allowed a supply of
ice. This is certainly appreciated during the extremely hot weather.

C. S. Morris, who has been night operator at Sebree, is now day operator
at Madisonville. Will Bainbridge has resigned.

E. L. Brooks is night operator at Springfield for a few days.

J. J. Lawrence is night operator at Earlington.

A serious head end collision occurred between Earlington and Mortons Gap
Thursday evening about 7 o’clock p.m., between train No. 57, south bound
in charge of conductor Thos. Harper and engineer James McGrath, and No.
82, north bound, in charge of conductor Tom Ingram and engineer Porter.
Brakeman Corbett was instantly killed. The accident was due to a cross in
orders; 57 held an order to meet 82 at Mortons and 82 held an order to
meet 57 at Earlington.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: CANDY CATHARTIC CASCARETS

BEST FOR THE BOWELS

10c, 25c, 50c

All Druggists

Genuine stamped C.C.C. Never sold in bulk. Beware of the dealer who tries
to sell “something just as good.”]

       *       *       *       *       *

A Call.

The people’s party of Hopkins county, is hereby called to meet in mass
convention at the court house, in Madisonville, Ky., on Saturday, August
3, 1901, at 10 o’clock a.m., to nominate candidates for the various
county offices. At which time and place Christian and Hopkins counties
will nominate a candidate for state senator.

Hon. Jo A. Parker will speak on the political issues of the day.
Everybody is invited, especially the ladies.

                                                J. A. DAVENPORT,
                                                Chairman county committee.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscribe for THE BEE, $1 per year.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: _If You Are Going North, If You Are Going South, If You
Are Going East, If You Are Going West;_

PURCHASE TICKETS VIA THE

L&N

Louisville & Nashville R.R.

AND SO SECURE

_The Maximum of Safety, The Maximum of Speed, The Maximum of Comfort, The
Minimum of Rates._

Rates, Time and all other information will be cheerfully furnished by

                                                     C. P. ATMORE, G.P.A.,
                                                     LOUISVILLE, KY.

Or by

                                                         E. M. ORR, AGENT.]

       *       *       *       *       *

PAN-AMERICAN EXPOSITION.

Best reached by the

Illinois Central R.R.

Through service via Memphis, Louisville, Cincinnati and Cleveland,
effective on and after June 1, and consisting of

SLEEPING CAR WITHOUT CHANGE

Between New Orleans And Buffalo

An Evening departure from New Orleans and a morning arrival at Buffalo.

DINING-CAR SERVICE AND BUFFET-LIBRARY CARS

En route. Particulars of agents of the Illinois Central and connecting
lines.

WM. MURRAY, Div. Pass’r Agent, New Orleans.

JNO. A. SCOTT, Division Pass’r Ag’t, Memphis.

A. N. HANSON, G.P.A., Chicago.

W. A. KELLOND, A.G.P.A., Louisville.

       *       *       *       *       *

JOB WORK

Will receive prompt attention at this office. Estimates furnished upon
application.

       *       *       *       *       *

REPUBLICAN CONVENTIONS.

Saturday in Precincts and Monday in County Meeting Will Name Candidates.

Saturday is the day on which the Republicans of Hopkins county will meet
in precinct conventions to send delegates to the county convention at
Madisonville the following Monday, July 29th, to select candidates for
county offices.

The spirit of self sacrifice for public good seems to be abroad and no
great number of office seekers are announced. The ticket, whoever is
chosen promises to be a good, clean, strong one.

Among those known to be in the race are H. F. Porter for County
Judge, Thos. E. Finley, for County Attorney, L. F. McLaughlin for
Representative, C. H. Murphey for County Clerk, Robert Morrow for
Sheriff, W. H. Lynn for Assessor; Miss Story and Professor Lutz for
Superintendent of Schools; G. W. Gower, Henry Johnson, B. F. Young, J.
T. Harris, Mr. Barnes, of Nebo for Jailer. There may be others, but they
have not announced in the newspapers.

The following official call was published recently in THE BEE and we
republish it for the benefit of those who may have mislaid their first
copy:

    The Republicans of Hopkins county are earnestly requested to
    meet at their several voting precincts on Saturday, July 27,
    1901, at 1 o’clock p.m., to select delegates to the county
    convention to be held at Madisonville the following Monday,
    July 29th, 1901 at 1 o’clock, p.m. In addition to nominating
    a county ticket, the delegates chosen from each magisterial
    district will choose candidates for magistrates and constables.
    The basis of representation will be one delegate for every
    fifty and a fraction over twenty-five votes cast for President
    McKinley at the last November election, which will entitle each
    precinct to the following number of delegates:

    White Plains, 2; Nortonville, 1; Mortons Gap, 3; St. Charles,
    4; Lake, 5; Northeast Earlington, 5; Barnsley, 1; Courthouse,
    2; Elk, 3; Cotton, 2; East Hanson, 3; West Hanson, 1; Oak Wall,
    2; North Nebo, 3; South Nebo, 2; Dalton, 2; Silent Run, 1;
    Charleston, 2; Dawson, 3; Ilsley, 4; Kitchen, 3; Manitou, 1;
    Richland, 2.

                                             J. B. HARVEY, Chairman.

                                            CHAS. COWELL, Secretary.

       *       *       *       *       *

Deglan McGrath has typhoid fever, and his many friends are much concerned
about him.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: STARVED HAIR

Slow growth of hair comes from lack of hair food. The hair has no life.
It is starved. It keeps coming out, gets thinner and thinner, bald spots
appear, then actual baldness.

The only good hair food you can buy is—

AYER’S HAIR VIGOR

It feeds the roots, stops starvation, and the hair grows thick and long.
It cures dandruff also. Keep a bottle of it on your dressing table.

It always restores color to faded or gray hair. Mind, we say “always.”

$1.00 a bottle. All druggists.

    “I have found your Hair Vigor to be the best remedy I have
    ever tried for the hair. My hair was falling out very bad so I
    thought I would try a bottle of it. I had used only one bottle,
    and my hair stopped falling out, and it is now real thick and
    long.”

                                               NANCY J. MOUNTCASTLE,
                                               Yonkers, N.Y.

    July 23, 1898.

_Write the Doctor._

He will send you his book on The Hair and Scalp. Ask him any question you
wish about your hair. You will receive a prompt answer free. Address,

                                            DR. J. C. AYER, Lowell, Mass.]

       *       *       *       *       *

TROPICAL TEMPERATURE.

The Fervent Heat Seems to Gather Strength With Each Succeeding Day.

CENTURY MARK AGAIN LEFT BEHIND.

Missouri, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, Indiana and Ohio Appear to Be
Covered by the Hot Blanket—Deaths and Prostrations Numerous.

St. Louis, July 23.—Monday will go on record as the hottest day in St.
Louis up to date.

At 11 o’clock the mercury stood at 102 degrees on top of the federal
building, and was climbing at the rate of two degrees an hour.

At noon it registered 105 degrees and gradually climbed to 107 by the
official thermometer, while street readings showed as high as 110.

The heat belt covers a radius around St. Louis of 100 miles. St. Louis is
almost the central point.

About three o’clock in the afternoon St. Louisans experiences a veritable
hot wave, lasting several minutes. It seemed as though the doors of the
nether regions had been thrown open and a hot blast emitted that seemed
to almost blister everything it came in contact with. As on Sunday, night
brought little relief and sleep was almost out of the question. The
protracted hot spell is having a depressing effect, and much illness,
especially among the aged, is resulting.

AT KANSAS CITY.

The Hottest Weather Ever Known—Nine Fatalities Reported.

Kansas City, Mo., July 23.—A veritable hot blast literally scorched
this city Monday, breaking all heat records in the history of the local
weather bureau. Sunday, Kansas Cityans experienced the hottest weather
ever known here, the government thermometer reaching 104 and remaining
above the 100 mark for seven consecutive hours. Two dozen prostrations,
nine fatally, was the result. Monday, at 3:30 o’clock the bureau
thermometer at the highest point in the city showed 106 degrees, while
thermometers in the business district on the streets reached as high
as 128. The thermometer at 8 a.m., registered 90, was 101 at noon, and
at 3 p.m. broke the record at 104.6. Hardly a breath of air stirred.
The suffering was intense, especially among persons compelled to work
out doors and in the poor districts in the bottoms. Seven deaths from
prostrations were reported during the day in Kansas City, Mo., and Kansas
City, Kas., and over thirty people, overcome by the heat, were treated.
This makes a total dead for the two days of 16. Most of the victims were
elderly people.

The highest previous temperature in history of the Kansas city weather
bureau was 103, in August, 1896, but it only remained near that point
for one day. Monday was the thirty-second in succession on which the
temperature has averaged above 90 degrees, and the fifteenth in that time
that the thermometer has gone above 100.

Two Deaths at Sedalia.

Sedalia, Mo., July 23.—There have been two deaths from the heat here. The
government record of temperature, Monday, showed 106 degrees.

A Corker at the Capital.

Jefferson City, Mo., July 23.—Monday was equal to last Friday as the
hottest day of the season, the government thermometer standing at 114.

HOT TIMES IN IOWA.

Des Moines Has the Highest Temperature in Its History.

Des Moines, Ia., July 23.—The government thermometer registered 109
degrees here at 3:30 Monday afternoon, the highest official record in the
history of Des Moines. Two deaths from the heat and numerous prostrations
were reported.

According to reports to Director Sage, of the crop bureau, and to local
grain men, the past few days have been disastrous to Iowa corn, except in
localities which have had rain recently.

108 at Keokuk.

Keokuk, Ia., July 23.—The weather bureau recorded 108 degrees of heat
here Monday, it being the sixth day of temperatures above 100 and the
thirty-second of above 90. All reports indicate that corn is being
seriously damaged.

At Sioux City.

Sioux City, Ia., July 23.—The maximum temperature here, Monday, was 105,
three degrees below Sunday’s maximum.

SCORCHING IN KANSAS.

Three Deaths and Ten Prostrations Reported at Topeka.

Topeka, Kas., July 23.—Three deaths and ten prostrations form Monday’s
record of the heat in Topeka. The thermometer registered 106 as its
maximum. It has been three degrees higher during the heated season, but
the humid air made the day the most oppressive of the year. Most of the
active work was stopped for the day. The Kansas river is very low, but
the supply of water in the city mains is as yet plentiful.

At Lawrence, the state university reported the heat record for Kansas
again broken, with the mercury at 106.5 degrees, the highest in 34 years.

At Leavenworth.

Leavenworth, Kas., July 23.—At Fort Leavenworth, Monday, the weather
bureau thermometer registered 108 degrees, as against 106¼ on Sunday.
Capt. R. H. Allen, post adjutant, was prostrated by the heat, while at
his desk in the afternoon, and taken to his home. Five other prostrations
were reported.

No Signs of Abatement.

Sylvan Grove, Kas., July 23.—The heat, Sunday, was the most terrific of
the season. The thermometer registered and maintained 111 from ten until
four o’clock. Monday morning at eight o’clock it registered 102. The
drought still continues, with no signs of abatement.

UNCOMFORTABLE AT OMAHA.

Eight Deaths and Four Prostrations the Day’s Record.

Omaha, Neb., July 23.—The weather conditions, Monday, continued of the
most uncomfortable nature. The temperature at 7 a.m. registered 83 and at
noon the 100 mark was reached with 104 at 4 p.m., only eight-tenths of
a degree below Sunday’s high record of the day. At 5 p.m. a refreshing
breeze came up and afforded some slight measure of relief.

ALL RECORDS BROKEN.

Springfield, Ill., Showed 107, the Highest Ever Recorded There.

Springfield, Ill., July 23.—All heat records in Springfield were broken,
Monday, when, for three hours, the mercury in the government thermometer
stood at 107, the highest ever recorded. Thermometers on the street level
registered as high as 110 in the shade. There were several prostrations.
Director Guthrie of the local weather bureau states that reports from
all over the state indicate that the corn is withstanding the heat and
drought remarkably well.

INDIANA CATCHING IT.

Indianapolis Has the Hottest Day on Record There.

Indianapolis, Ind., July 23.—Monday was the hottest day on record
in Indianapolis. The official record was 106 at two o’clock in the
afternoon. At the same hour thermometers along the business streets
recorded 110 and 112. There were two deaths and three prostrations from
heat.

At the camp of the Indiana national guard all drills were suspended.
Sixty men were overcome during the day, but all rapidly recovered, with
the exception of seven, who are in the brigade hospital. Many animals
were stricken, and livery men are refusing to hire horses.

All Previous Records Eclipsed.

Cincinnati, July 23.—All previous heat records here were eclipsed,
Monday, when the official government thermometer at the office of the
local weather bureau reached 106 degrees at 2:30 in the afternoon, and
remained there for about an hour. Fortunately the humidity at that time
registered only 25, and there were but few prostrations.

       *       *       *       *       *

RETAIN MORRO CASTLE.

The United States Government Will Garrison and Hold the Famous Stronghold.

New York, July 20.—In addition to the other bases of supply demanded
in the Platt amendment, it is the intention of the administration to
permanently retain Morro castle, overlooking the harbor of Havana. This
the Washington correspondent of the World says is announced on the
highest authority. It is the intention, says the World’s special, to
occupy, control and defend the stronghold with United States troops after
the government of the island has been handed over to the Cubans. The plan
is to equip the fortress with modern artillery, in order that Cuba may
be assisted in defending herself against outside interference, and also
that the United States may thus have a guarantee against failure on the
part of the Cuban government to carry out its pledges and the terms of
the treaty now in course of preparation as between this country and Cuba.
Under this treaty the retention of the fort is provided for.

The Castle is Crumbling.

At this time Morro castle is crumbling with the weight of years and is of
small account as a fortress. Spain was 100 years in building it. The fort
was begun in 1667 by Oregon Gaston, governor of Havana, with money from
the receipts from Mexico, then owned by Spain. Millions of dollars were
squandered upon it, and when it was completed it was acknowledged to be
one of the most formidable forts in the world.

But Spain was not satisfied, and $3,000,000 more was expended upon the
castle during the governship of Juan Francisco Guymas, who, when the work
was finished, said: “Pass it who can.”

Became a Dreaded Prison.

Morro eventually became the most dreaded of all the prisons of Spain. Men
of all classes, rich and poor, high-born and humble, have entered its
gates never to return to their friends. It was really more as a prison
than as a fort that Morro became known throughout the civilized world.
Hundreds upon hundreds of men have died the slow death of despair in its
subterranean vaults. From it there was no escape unless the magic power
of money was at hand to aid the unfortunate.

Some years before the war of this country with Spain Morro castle was
restored to its original use as a fort and Cabanas became the principal
prison of the island and one of the most wretched in the world.

       *       *       *       *       *

WEEKLY CROP REPORT.

Intense Heat in the Central Valleys and Middle Rocky Mountain Region.

DROUGHT AREA LARGELY INCREASED.

Outlook for Corn Less Favorable—In Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky
is in Need of Rain—Practically Ruined in Missouri and Kansas—Other Crops.

Washington, July 24.—Following is the weather bureau’s weekly summary of
crop conditions:

Intense heat has prevailed another week throughout states of the central
valleys and middle Rocky mountain region, with only local showers over
limited scattered areas. Maximum temperatures of 100 degrees or above
were of daily occurrence over more or less of the territory named. Under
these conditions the drought has been greatly intensified, and its area
largely increased. Missouri, Kansas, Oklahoma and portions of Nebraska
have suffered most, but the conditions are now critical from the lake
region, central Ohio valley and Tennessee westward to the middle Rocky
mountain region, including the greater part of Texas. Portions of the
middle and South Atlantic states continue to suffer from excessive
moisture, but very favorable temperatures have been experienced in these
districts, and also on the Pacific coast, where the week was cooler than
usual.

The Outlook for Corn.

The outlook for corn is less favorable than at the close of the
previous week. In Nebraska, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri early corn
is practically ruined. With early and abundant rains in these states
late corn would probably make half a crop or less. The condition of the
crop in Iowa is more favorable than in the before-mentioned states, and
copious rains with moderate temperatures within a week would greatly
improve prospects for a large part of the crop. In Illinois, Indiana,
Ohio, Kentucky and Tennessee, more particularly the western portions of
the last-named states, corn is now seriously in need of rain. In Illinois
the crop has not yet sustained great damage, but will be materially
reduced unless the drought is relieved within a week. In the middle
Atlantic states the conditions have been highly favorable for corn and
its condition is further improved.

Wheat and Oats.

Moisture has done considerable injury to winter wheat in shock in the
middle Atlantic states. Harvesting continues where unfinished, in the
more northerly section east of the Rocky mountains, and is in general
progress on the north Pacific coast.

Spring wheat harvest has begun over the southern portion of the spring
wheat region, where, as a result of premature ripening, the yield and
quality is much impaired. Over the northern portion, where the crop is
now ripening, its condition continues promising.

Harvested oats have suffered some injury in shock from moisture in the
middle Atlantic states, and the unharvested crop from premature ripening
in the northwest, while rust has caused injury from the upper Ohio valley.

Hay and Cotton.

Haying is mostly finished and a fine crop was secured in North Dakota,
Minnesota, the lake region, Ohio valley, portions of the middle Atlantic
states and New England.

In portions of Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia and Florida the condition
of cotton has improved, but in the two last-named states and in the
Carolinas it has suffered from lack of cultivation. Rain is greatly
needed in Tennessee and over the western portion of the cotton belt,
where, however, the crop is generally withstanding the drought well.

Tobacco and Fruit.

In the Ohio valley, Tennessee and Wisconsin, tobacco is suffering much
from drought, especially in western Kentucky, and has been injured by
rains in Maryland; elsewhere the crop has made favorable progress.

Throughout the central valleys the prospects for apples have been further
reduced, and no improvement is reported from New England and the middle
Atlantic states. On the whole, the fruit outlook is not encouraging.

       *       *       *       *       *

Forest Fires in Montana.

Helena, Mont., July 21.—Fierce forest fires are reported raging west of
Missoula. The Northern Pacific and Anaconda companies have large forces
of men at work endeavoring to prevent their spreading. There are several
distinct fires, and the loss will probably be heavy.

       *       *       *       *       *

Constitution the Fastest.

New York, July 23.—The race between the Constitution and the Columbia on
Long Island sound, Monday, again demonstrated that the Constitution is
the faster fair-weather craft. In a light breeze and smooth water, over a
21-mile course, Columbia was defeated 4 minutes 18 seconds.

       *       *       *       *       *

Signor Crispi’s Illness.

Naples, July 23.—Signor Francesco Crispi is now in a state of exhaustion.
The members of his family and some of his best friends and political
followers have been summoned here, as it is feared that he will die.

       *       *       *       *       *

Torpedo Boat Adder Launched.

New York, July 23.—The United States torpedo boat Adder was launched at
the Crescent ship yards at Elizabeth, N.J., Monday.

       *       *       *       *       *

Red Hill News.

Threshing wheat, gathering blackberries and discussing the dry weather is
the order of the day.

Misses Allie and Annie Campbell, of Nebo, are visiting relatives here.

Mrs. Bradley Croft, of Empire, is very sick with typhoid fever.

Dick Stanley has a bran new girl at his house.

Charles Fox and wife, of Orange Grove vicinity, were guests of W. F.
Crick, Sunday.

Rev. Moore, of Madisonville, preached at Rock Springs, Sunday.

Otho Price went to Earlington, Monday to see about getting a job in the
round house.

The picnic at Mannington was a success in every way, being a rival of the
Lakeside Park picnics. Mesrs. Meacham and Bowles, of Crofton, were there
to keep order and they performed their duty well.

Gus McIntosh, of Mannington, is quite ill with fever.

Rev. Shemmel is conducting an interesting meeting at Highway school house.

Lucian Hight has been very sick for the last few days.

Mr. and Mrs. Long, of Casky, attended the picnic at Mannington and
remained over till Sunday with relatives.

Mrs. Pyles, of Crofton, is visiting her daughter-in-law here.

The protracted meeting at Cole’s Chapel has closed, with thirteen
additions to the church.

We will wager a glass of lemonade that there are more girls here of
frying size who want to catch fellows than any other place of like size
in Kentucky.

Meacham Davis and wife, of Kelley, visited here last week.

Odie Davis, of White Plains, was in this vicinity last week, taking
options on land for an oil company.

Mrs. Ollie Crick has just returned from a three weeks’ visit to her
daughter who lives near Highway.

There is talk of a grand picnic to be given at new New Empire some time
during August.

                                                                  U. N. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

Our enterprising watchmaker, W. G. Barter, has moved his jewelry-store
from Jno. X. Taylor’s drugstore, to the adjoining room, which was
formerly Alexander barber shop, and has greatly increased his stock.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscribe for THE BEE.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration]

The tripping feet—the sparkling eye—the graceful movement—belong not
alone to the budding maiden.

These graces are the right—aye _duty of every woman_ until the hair
whitens—and regal dignity replaces them.

The mother who guards her strength has so much more to devote to the care
and education of her dear ones. She should be a comfort—a cheer—always.

Yet how many feel that they have the strength to properly balance the
home? The world is listless, weary and morbid. Its blood moves sluggishly
and is full of impurities. It needs a kindling, invigorating tonic to set
it afire—it needs Pe-ru-na,

THE ONE MEDICINE

in the world which women may rely upon positively. Pe-ru-na is good
for everyone, but particularly for women. The various weaknesses which
afflict their delicate organism spring from inflammation or catarrh of
the mucous lining, and Pe-ru-na is a specific for catarrh in any organ of
the body. Any congestion of a mucous membrane simply means catarrh of the
organ affected. This is why Pe-ru-na cures all sorts of troubles where
other remedies fail. If there is a catarrhal affection the matter with
you anywhere Pe-ru-na will cure you.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Through Chair Cars to Texas.

All Cotton Belt trains carry handsome Free Chair Cars, Memphis to Texas,
without change You can adjust the chairs in these cars so that you will
have an easy seat during the day or a comfortable place to sleep at night.

Besides Chair Cars, Cotton Belt trains carry Pullman Sleepers at night
and Parlor Cafe Cars during the day.

Write and tell us where you are going and when you will leave, and we
will tell you the exact cost of a ticket and send you a complete schedule
for the trip. We will also send you an interesting little booklet, “A
Trip to Texas.”

F. R. WYATT, T.P.A., Cincinnati, Ohio.

E. W. LaBEAUME, G.P. and T.A., St. Louis, Mo.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Crescent Sanitarium

COR. FIRST AND WALNUT STS. EVANSVILLE, IND.

The Crescent Sanitarium wishes to call the attention of the public to
the fact that it has been open for the reception of patients for a
year and a half, during which time over 150 surgical operations were
performed without a death or a single case of blood poisoning. Patients
have all advantages of hospital facilities, and at the same time enjoy
all comforts of home life thus avoiding the restrictions and publicity
necessary in public hospitals.

A corps of trained nurses are in constant attendance, thus avoiding delay
in gratifying the slightest wants of the patient.

                                                       A. M. HAYDEN, M.D.
                                                       J. W. PHARES, M.D.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A Lucky Find.

A wise purchase of drugs is a great deal more fortunate than the finding
of a pocketbook. The luck of finding a pocketbook only occurs once:

The Wisdom of the Purchase

of first-class drugs is with you all the time. We would like you to
remember always that ours is the place for getting first-class drugs
always.

ST. BERNARD DRUG STORE.

                                                   BRYAN HOPPER, Manager.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: The Bee]

PAUL M. MOORE, Editor and Publisher.

SUBSCRIPTION RATES.

    One Year           $1.00
    Six Months            50
    Three Months          25
    Single Copies          5

Specimen copies mailed free on application.

Correspondents wanted in all parts of the county. Address us for
particulars.

Telephone, No. 47—2.

       *       *       *       *       *

THURSDAY, JULY 25, 1901.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANNOUNCEMENTS.

COUNTY CLERK.

GILLILAND—We are authorized to announce John R. Gilliland, of Ilsley
Precinct, Postoffice address St. Charles, a candidate for County Clerk,
subject to the action of the Republican party.

MURPHEY—We are authorized to announce C. H. Murphey, of Madisonville,
a candidate for County Clerk, subject to the action of the voters of
Hopkins County at the November election.

JAILER.

HARRIS—We are authorized to announce J. F. Harris a candidate for Jailer,
subject to the action of the Republican Party.

GOWER—We are authorized to announce G. W. Gower, of Madisonville, a
candidate for Jailer, subject to the action of the Republican party.

ASSESSOR.

LYNN—We are authorized to announce W. H. Lynn as candidate for Assessor
of Hopkins county, subject to the decision of the Republican convention
to be held on Monday, July 29.

       *       *       *       *       *

A rabbi, of Wabash, Ind., offers to sell to the Postoffice Department a
discovery by which he claims the mails can be carried across the Atlantic
in two days. This beats the Jews.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Cleveland man who would not support his children was arraigned in court
by a humane agent and fined $100 and costs and given ninety days. His
sentence will keep him in the work house for eighteen months—a good place
for a man who will not work outside.

       *       *       *       *       *

W. H. Lynn announces as candidate for Assessor of Hopkins county subject
to the decision of the Republican party in convention at Madisonville
Monday, July 29. Mr. Lynn is thus far the only candidate to announce his
candidacy publicly. He is a man well qualified for the place, knows the
county and its people well, but says with commendable patriotism that if
there is a man found who wants the place and is better qualified than
himself, he is for that man.

       *       *       *       *       *

A dispatch from Wilkesbarre, Pa., relative to the strike of the
stationary firemen says:

    More mines were in operation and more coal was hoisted in
    the Wyoming valley today than any day since the stationary
    fireman’s strike began. Despite any action that may be taken
    by the officers of the United Mine Workers’ association, the
    fact cannot be denied but that the United Workmen as a body are
    anxious to get back to work. How long they can be kept out by
    the executive heads is entirely problematical.

History is repeating itself in the matter of union dictation to men who
would work if they were not interfered with.

       *       *       *       *       *

Debs On the Steel Strike.

Eugene V. Debs in a speech at the Kankakee, Ill., Chautauqua last
Saturday had this to say on the question of the steel strike:

    “There is no use for the Federation of Labor to bluff, for it
    simply injures the cause of labor with the American people. The
    Federation has not two million members. It has not half that
    number. When it says it can raise $500,000 a week, it is simply
    bluster and blow. It cannot raise $5,000 a week. I have had
    experience in raising money for strikers. It is not thus that
    strikes are settled.”

Eugene ought to know what a strike bluff is and seems to speak honestly
this time.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Gower for Jailer.

In this issue appears the announcement of G. W. Gower, of Madisonville,
for Jailer of Hopkins county, subject to the action of the Republican
convention, which meets at Madisonville next Monday, July 29. Mr. Gower
is well and favorably known throughout the county and has served very
acceptably in the past as city marshal of Madisonville. No one is better
qualified for the office than he. He is making an active canvas for the
nomination and says if his is favored by the convention he will do his
utmost to see the entire ticket elected in November.

       *       *       *       *       *

“Enforce the Law.”

We quote from Glenn’s Graphic a comment on what came near being a serious
riot at the county seat on Monday of last week:

    There is no one who is in favor of law and its enforcement who
    can or will defend these men in their unlawful acts of last
    Monday. Here in Madisonville, a town that in the past has been
    noted as being the most quiet and orderly in the state, an
    officer in the discharge of his duty attempts to arrest a man
    for an offense committed. The man refuses to be arrested, two
    of his race come to his rescue and they interfere by demanding
    that the officer shall turn the man loose and go and arrest the
    other—a white man, before they would agree to the arrest. These
    men were not citizens of this county, some of them were not
    citizens of the state, they are colored men from elsewhere, yet
    in broad daylight, in the presence of the people they defy the
    officer of the law.

    How do the people of Madisonville, of Hopkins county like this
    state of affairs? Are they pleased to see colored men from
    elsewhere parade our town with pistols and when an officer
    attempts to preserve order and enforce law, have bullies set up
    themselves in defiance to the constituted authorities?

       *       *       *       *       *

Business or Votes.

Business men of Wellsville, Ohio, which place has for the past several
days been called the “storm center” of the steel strike, have been using
their influence to prevent the steel workers joining President Shaffers’s
strike for union supremacy. Confronted, as they are, with what seems a
certainty that if the present trouble goes much farther, the Wellsville
plant will be lifted and taken across the line into Pennsylvania. Many
of the men realize the force of this argument which is emphasized by the
fact that they are themselves owners of Wellsville property, the value
of which is dependent upon the regular operation of the steel works at
that point. One prominent man, however, opposes the position taken by
the merchants. Mayor Dennis, who seems to think the votes lie in the
direction of union workmen and sympathizers, says the business men ought
to keep out of it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Sound Sense

Sam Jones says many reckless and foolish things, but he also says some
very true and sensible things. Referring to strikes and the rights of the
laborer, he says:

    I believe a dozen men or a thousand men or a million men have
    a perfect right to strike whenever they gentlemanly please—lay
    down their implements and quit work, and right there and right
    then they have done everything they have a right to do by
    human and divine law, and when they do any more they outlaw
    themselves and ruin their cause. Capital has a perfect right
    to discharge labor whenever it gentlemanly pleases, but when
    capital says “I will not employ you, and no one else shall
    employ you,” then capital has outlawed itself and damaged its
    cause. Capital has as much right to run around to the employers
    of labor in this country and beat up or cuss down anybody that
    will employ their discharged men as laboring men have to hang
    around the shops and mines from which they have been discharged
    or voluntarily severed their connection, with sticks and rocks
    and say to capital: “We won’t work for you, and nobody else
    shall work for you.”

Samuel’s English may be a little lame at times, but the proposition he
here lays down is based on sound sense and justice.—Nashville American.

       *       *       *       *       *

When?

Mr. Shaffer, the man who is at the head of the big steel strike, said in
a speech at Wellsville last week:

    Many of the older workmen present who have worked with me in
    the rolling mills know what the word “strike” means. In those
    old days we used to close the mills, throw out pickets, guard
    the railway depots and lay in a good supply of intoxicating
    spirits, thus priming for mischief and depredations of any
    sort. If persons thinking other than we did came to take
    our positions they were beaten and sent out of town. We do
    differently now.

It would be interesting to know just when strikers began to do
differently. Such words as these by the President of the Amalgamated
Association would be far more impressive if spoken at the end instead
of the beginning of the strike. Let us hope that they can be spoken
then.—Courier-Journal.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Steel Strike and the Future of American Industry.

The strike ordered by the Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin
Workers for the purpose of coercing three of the companies embraced in
the United States Steel Corporation will be regarded with keen interest
by all persons acquainted with the grounds on which the manufacturers of
the United States are able to compete with those of Great Britain and
other European countries. We do but state the naked truth when we say
that, if this strike should prove successful, our employers of skilled
labor would be gradually subjected to disabilities which, ultimately,
would put an end to the hope of competition with their transatlantic
rivals in the markets of the world.

The fundamental difference between the powers of extensive, quick and
improved production possessed by American manufacturers, on the one hand,
and by British manufacturers on the other, is that, by comparison, the
latter are now, and have been for a good many years, under the heel of
the trade unions. In almost every branch of British manufactures the
trade unions prescribe, not only the rate of wages and the hours of
labor, but also the amount of work to be performed by a given workman in
a given time, and the kind of machinery to be used. Instead of opening
a career to energy, assiduity and talent, the whole system of British
industry, as organized by the trade unions, is adjusted to a low average
capacity of diligence and of intelligence. Far from being encouraged, a
vigorous or a specially skillful workman is discouraged from turning out
more than the average amount of product during the fixed hours of labor,
as also for working overtime for extra pay. Improvements in machinery
intended to economize time or labor are eyed with suspicion and can
be introduced only after long delay and with the utmost difficulty.
In England, as compared with the United States, the inventor finds no
incentive. The result is that now the British manufacturer is unable to
vie with his American competitor in branches of industry where rapidity
of execution is essential, or where the employment of the latest
mechanical devices is indispensable to the cheapness or the perfection of
a product.

It is indisputable that American labor associations are organized on
the same fundamental principle which actuates the trade unions of Great
Britain. That is to say, their aims, demands and regulations are based
on the primary assumption that the whole industrial system should
steadily keep in view the interests, not of employers, nor of workmen
exceptionally gifted in intellect or character, but those of the great
mass of operatives possessed only of average physical, mental and
moral qualities. The inevitable outcome of such a system, where it is
carried out with a completeness now approached in Great Britain, is a
reduction of a nation’s industry to a dead level of achievement to a
status of Chinese stagnation with respect both to quality and quantity.
Such would be the drear and hopeless prospect which would confront our
manufacturers, should our labor associations gain the nearly absolute
mastery of industrial conditions which the trade unions have managed to
acquire in the United Kingdom.

Should the present steel strike prove successful, our labor associations
will have made a long stride toward the acquirement of such mastery.
The strike has been ordered, not because of any disagreement between
employers and employed with regard to wages or to the hours of labor,
but because certain companies have refused to put in the hands of the
Amalgamated Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Workers the means of
forcing every non-union workman employed by those companies to join that
society. Were the principle asserted by the Amalgamated Association
to be accepted by the three companies now subjected to coercion, it
would presently be applied to every constituent company of the United
States Steel Corporation, and, this colossal combination of capital once
conquered, all outside representatives of the iron and steel industries
would, of course, speedily succumb. From that moment all the employers
of skilled labor in this vast field of production would be at the mercy
of the employed, firmly organized as they all would be in American
counterparts of the British trade unions, with regard not only to the
rate of wages and the hours of labor, but also to the encouragement of
inventive talent and the introduction of improved machinery. The bright,
and thus far continually brightening, outlook of the iron and steel
industries of the United States would have been eclipsed forever.

There could be no better time than the present to answer once for all the
question whether American manufacturers of iron and steel will bow their
necks to the yoke which their British competitors have long found too
heavy to be borne.—N.Y. Sun.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: _IN CUBA_

where it is hot all the year round

Scott’s Emulsion

sells better than any where else in the world. So don’t stop taking it in
summer, or you will lose what you have gained.

Send for a free sample. SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists, 409-415 Pearl Street,
New York. 50c. and $1.00; all druggists.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Perfect Health.

Keep the system in perfect order by the occasional use of Tutt’s Liver
Pills. They regulate the bowels and produce

A Vigorous Body.

For sick headache, malaria, biliousness, constipation and kindred
diseases, an absolute cure

TUTT’S Liver PILLS

       *       *       *       *       *

DON’T TOBACCO SPIT and SMOKE Your Life away!

You can be cured of any form of tobacco using easily, be made well,
strong, magnetic, full of new life and vigor by taking _=NO-TO-BAC=_,
that makes weak men strong. Many gain ten pounds in ten days. Over
_=500,000=_ cured. All druggists. Cure guaranteed. Booklet and advice
FREE. Address STERLING REMEDY CO., Chicago or New York. 437

       *       *       *       *       *

The fishing party which has been in camp at Rochester on Green river for
the past ten days, will return this afternoon. They report a good time
and a fine catch of fish.

       *       *       *       *       *

During last May an infant child of our neighbor was suffering from
cholera infantum. The doctors had given up all hopes of recovery. I took
a bottle of Chamberlain’s Colic, Cholera and Diarrhœa Remedy to the
house, telling them I felt sure it would do good if used according to
directions. In two days time the child had fully recovered. The child is
now vigorous and healthy. I have recommended this remedy frequently and
have never known it to fail.—Mrs. Curtis Baker, Bookwalter, Ohio. Sold
by St. Bernard Drug Store, Earlington; Geo. King, St. Charles; Ben T.
Robinson, Mortons Gap.

       *       *       *       *       *

Injunction in Lehigh Valley.

The Lehigh Valley Coal Company today secured a preliminary injunction
from Judge Halsey to restrain a number of striking employes from
interfering with the firemen at work at the Maltby colliery Swoyersville,
and from gathering about the homes of the workmen, intimidating them or
molesting them by the picket system or any other way.—Exchange.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: WHERE DO YOU TRADE?

One Prime Object of Our Business Life Has Been and is to Give One Hundred
Cents Worth for Every Dollar.

We Handle First-class Merchandise at the Lowest Possible Price, and Ask
You to Trade With Us. Won’t You?

Do You Buy Dry Goods, Dress Goods, Silks, Clothing, Hats, Shoes, Shirts,
Underwear, etc., where you can get anywhere

From 75c. to 90c. on the Dollar.

You do yourself as well as the dear ones dependent upon you an injustice
when you fail to plant your dollar in the most productive soil.

GOOD GOODS. LOW PRICES. POLITE SALESPEOPLE.

BISHOP & CO. MADISONVILLE, KY.

A DOLLAR’S WORTH FOR A DOLLAR.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Painless Dentistry.

Teeth Extracted and Filled Without Pain.

Using the latest and most harmless anaesthetics and all the Modern
Appliances known to Dental Surgery

Work Guaranteed.

Lowest Possible Prices

Consistent with the Best Work

T. D. RENFROW

OFFICE OVER POSTOFFICE.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: SUBSCRIBE TO THE

Cumberland Telephone and Telegraph Company’s

LOCAL AND LONG-DISTANCE SERVICE.

Residence Telephones as low as $1.25 per month.

LOCAL LONG DISTANCE TELEPHONE

Business Telephones as low as $1.50 per month.

We place you in communication with

20,000,000 People,

Who transact an enormous daily business

BY TELEPHONE,

Which could not otherwise be done.

CALL CENTRAL FOR INFORMATION. NO CONTRACTS REQUIRED.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE AMERICAN INVESTMENT COMPANY,

(Incorporated.)

    CAPITAL STOCK                     $25,000.00
    RESERVE SURPLUS                   125,000.00
    AMOUNT PAID COUPON HOLDERS        200,000.00

Address all correspondence to HOME OFFICE. LEXINGTON, KY.

GOOD TERMS TO FIRST CLASS AGENTS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Tutt’s Pills

stimulate the TORPID LIVER, strengthen the digestive organs, regulate the
bowels, and are unequaled as an

ANTI-BILIOUS MEDICINE.

In malarial districts their virtues are widely recognized, as they
possess peculiar properties in freeing the system from that poison.
Elegantly sugar coated.

Take No Substitute.

       *       *       *       *       *

SHORT LOCALS.

Born, to Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Lloyd on Tuesday, the 22d inst., a fine boy.

L. W. Rice and wife are visiting relatives in Greenville. Mr. Rice has so
far recovered from the effects of his recent accident as to walk about
with the aid of crutches.

Messrs. G. W. Gower and W. H. Lynn, of Madisonville, candidates for
jailer and assessor, respectively, subject to the action of the
Republican party, were in Earlington Monday, shaking hands with the
voters.

William Coughlar has broken the record at the St. Bernard fruit farm by
selling in the past ten days $223.28 worth of fruit and vegetables, an
average of over $23.00 per day. Mr. Corey has harvested some fine hay,
too, as well as potatoes.

Miss Florence Cansler has returned from Madisonville, where she has been
for a few days under the care of Dr. R. L. Bone, who performed a delicate
operation on her right foot for bone consumption, removing one of the
small bones.

Sunday was the regular day for service at the Missionary Baptist Church.
Rev. John Lake, who came to hold the Y.M.C.A. meeting in the afternoon,
delivered the morning sermon and took for his text, “A little child shall
lead them.” Rev. McCord, the pastor, filled the pulpit at night.

       *       *       *       *       *

Friendship.

    Once we were the best of friends,
      I was happy and light hearted:
    Now from some unknown cause,
      That friendship has departed.
    We’ve strolled oft at Lakeside Park,
      And watched the green leaves quiver,
    We’ve said many tender things,
      We’ll say no more forever.
    Oh, friendship thou art but a name,
      A few words warmly spoken,
    A few promises lightly made,
      To be as lightly broken.
    The time will come and maybe soon,
      You’ll see you were mistaken,
    And long again for the friendship true,
      Of one you have forsaken.
    You think my heart is cold and proud,
      You doubted love when strongest.
    In future you will live to learn,
      Proud hearts can love the longest.

                                 TIMMIE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Program for Christian Endeavor, Morton’s Gap, July 28, 1901.

                               SONG 782.

    Prayer                                         Dr. Williams

        Subject of Lesson—True Philanthropy, Gal. 6: 1-10.
                     Read by leader, Clay Jones.

    Roll Call and Responsive Readings.

    Select Reading on Lesson                 Mrs. Cassie Steele

                               SONG 673.

    Recitation                                   Orwell Kington

                               SONG 810.

    Recitation                                    Audrey Morgan

    Music                                           Mrs. Steele

    Recitation                                   Virgil Kington

                               SONG 784.

    Recitation                                Miss Clara Grasty

       Leader for next meeting, Miss Cora Andrews. Subject:
              “Gaining by Losing,” Mark 10: 28-30.

    Benediction                                      E. L. Hart

       *       *       *       *       *

A Good Cough Medicine.

Many thousands have been restored to health and happiness by the use of
Chamberlain’s Cough Remedy. If afflicted with any throat or lung trouble,
give it a trial for it is certain to prove beneficial. Coughs that have
resisted all other treatment for years, have yielded to this remedy
and perfect health been restored. Cases that seemed hopeless, that the
climate of famous health resorts failed to benefit, have been permanently
cured by its use. For sale by St. Bernard Drug Store, Earlington; Geo.
King, St. Charles; Ben T. Robinson, Mortons Gap.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration:

    C. J. Pratt, President.
    F. D. Ramsey, Vice-President.
    O. W. Waddill, Cashier.
    Ernest Nisbet, Assistant Cashier.
    L. W. Pratt, Collection Clerk.
    Chesley Williams, }
    F. D. Ramsey,     }
    C. J. Pratt,      } Directors.
    W. A. Nisbet,     }
    C. E. Owen,       }

HOPKINS COUNTY BANK

Incorporated 1890.

MADISONVILLE, KENTUCKY.

Capital $50,000. Surplus $5,500.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Rock Springs News.

Ernie Wiley is on the sick list this week.

Miss Maud Reese, of Empire, is visiting Miss Pearl Page, of this place.

Mr. Dick Richardson was in town yesterday to see his best girl.

Quite a large crowd attended church here Sunday.

Misses Maud Reese, Pearl Page, Mary South and Vic Wiggins attended church
at Mannington Sunday.

The picnic at Mannington was a grand success.

Ask Mr. Francis Drake if he hasn’t got too many girls.

Mr. Jim Teague has gone to Linton, Ind.

Miss Delia Laffoon and Mr. Sadie Moore, of Empire, attended church here
Sunday.

                                                                     JACK.

       *       *       *       *       *

There is more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other
diseases put together, and until the last few years was supposed to be
incurable. For a great many years doctors pronounced it a local disease
and prescribed local remedies, and by constantly failing to cure with
local treatment, pronounced it incurable. Science has proven catarrh to
be a constitutional disease and requires constitutional treatment. Hall’s
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is the
only constitutional cure on the market. It is taken internally in doses
from 10 drops to a teaspoonful. It acts directly on the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. They offer one hundred dollars for any case it
fails to cure. Send for circulars and testimonials. Address,

F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.

Sold by all druggists, 75c.

Hall’s Family Pills are the best.

       *       *       *       *       *

One day the gardener at the Norfolk Creake rectory, Norfolk, England,
hung up his jacket in the rectory greenhouse. On taking it down he found
that a wren had built her nest in one of the sleeves. The intruder seemed
quite at home in her odd nesting place, and has been left in undisturbed
possession.

       *       *       *       *       *

Does it Pay to Buy Cheap?

A cheap remedy for coughs and colds is all right, but you want something
that will relieve and cure the more severe and dangerous results of
throat and lung troubles. What shall you do? Go to a warmer and more
regular climate? Yes, if possible; if not possible for you, then in
either case take the only remedy that has been introduced in all
civilized countries with success in severe throat and lung troubles,
“Boschee’s German Syrup.” It not only heals and stimulates the tissues
to destroy the germ disease, but allays inflammation, causes easy
expectoration, gives a good night’s rest and cures the patient. Try ONE
bottle. Recommended many years by all druggists in the world. Get Green’s
Prize Almanac. St. Bernard Drugstore.

       *       *       *       *       *

The palmetto trees of Jacksonville stood the recent conflagration there
better than any other kind. While nearly all other trees in the wide
sweep of the fire perished from the heat the palmettos are putting out
green shoots, showing that they have life and vigor left.

       *       *       *       *       *

Question Answered.

Yes, August Flower still has the largest sale of any medicine in the
civilized world. Your mothers and grandmothers never thought of using
anything else for Indigestion or Biliousness. Doctors were scarce,
and they seldom heard of Appendicitis, Nervous Prostration or Heart
failure, etc. They used August Flower to clean out the system and stop
fermentation of undigested food, stimulate the nervous and organic action
of the system, and that is all they took when feeling dull and bad with
headaches and other aches. You only need a few doses of Green’s August
Flower, in liquid form, to make you satisfied there is nothing the matter
with you. Get Green’s Prize Almanac. St. Bernard Drugstore.

       *       *       *       *       *

France holds the record as a user of gold. She has coined 2,300 tons in
the last forty years, against 1,400 used by the English mint.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: E W Grove]

This signature is on every box of the genuine

=Laxative Bromo-Quinine= Tablets

the remedy that cures a cold in one day

       *       *       *       *       *

Venice has a cafe which has been open day and night for 150 years.

       *       *       *       *       *

Cured Bronchial Trouble.

Chas. E. Davis, 1071 W. Congress st., Chicago, says: “I suffered for
years with bronchial trouble and tried many kinds of medicines without
relief until I began taking Foley’s Honey and Tar, which cured me.” John
X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

OIL IN THE PENNYRILE.

Christian, Todd and Caldwell Counties to Be Developed.

Hopkinsville, Ky., July 22. The oil fever is spreading in Christian
county. The Dawson Oil Company was recently incorporated, with $15,000
capital stock, and having leases on 15,000 acres of land in Christian and
Caldwell counties. Another company, composed of Judge James Breathitt,
Judge Joseph McCaroll, Master Commissioner W. T. Folwer, City Attorney
Albert P. Crockett, City Clerk Walter S. Elgin, Walter D. Shaw and L. G.
Williams, has been formed to develop the oil resources in the northern
portions of Todd and Christian counties. Leases have been secured on
25,000 acres of land, the belt extending from Pilot Rock to Scales’ Mill,
on Tradewater river.

       *       *       *       *       *

Buy and Try a Box Tonight.

While you think of it, go buy and try a box of Cascarets Candy Cathartic,
ideal laxative, tonight. You’ll never regret it. Genuine tablets stamped
C.C.C. Never sold in bulk. All druggists, 10c.

       *       *       *       *       *

Competition in electric tramways is alluded to in many of the half-yearly
reports of English railways as affecting short-distance passenger
movement.

       *       *       *       *       *

LOOK! A STITCH IN TIME

Saves nine. Hughes’ Tonic (taste pleasant), taken in early Spring and
Fall prevents Chills, Dengue and Malarial Fevers. Acts on the liver,
tones up the system. Better than Calomel and Quinine. Contains no
Arsenic. Guaranteed, try it. At Druggists. 50c. and $1.00 bottles.

       *       *       *       *       *

If a lead wire will sustain a weight of 28 pounds, a copper wire of the
same thickness will uphold 202 pounds, and one of iron 549 pounds.

       *       *       *       *       *

If you have no appetite for your meals something is wrong with your
digestion, liver or bowels. Prickly Ash Bitters cleanses and strengthens
the stomach, purifies the bowels and creates appetite, vigor and
cheerfulness. St. Bernard Drugstore.

       *       *       *       *       *

Although there are 214,000 acres of orchard in England, yet Britain buys
100,000 tons of apples abroad in a year.

       *       *       *       *       *

Womans’ Rights.

Many women suffer all sorts of so-called “female weaknesses” just because
their kidneys are out of order and they have a right to know that Foley’s
Kidney Cure is just what is needed by most ailing women. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

The annual expenditure of the Mexican Federal Government today is three
times what it was thirty years ago.

       *       *       *       *       *

To Cure a Cold in One Day

Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All druggists refund the money if it
fails to cure. E. W. Grove’s signature is on each box. 25c.

       *       *       *       *       *

On level pavement a pull of 33 pounds will draw a ton, on macadam it
takes 46 pounds, and on rough gravel 147 pounds.

       *       *       *       *       *

How Are Your Kidneys?

Dr. Hobbs’ Sparagus Pills cure all kidney ills. Sample free. Add.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

The population of Northern China is almost completely vegetarian.

       *       *       *       *       *

The blood is strained and purified by the kidneys. No hope of health
while the kidneys are wrong. Foley’s Kidney Cure will make healthy
kidneys and pure blood. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss Mary Mothershead is spending a week at Sebree Springs and attending
the camp-meeting which is now in progress there.

       *       *       *       *       *

If you are sick all over, and don’t know just what ails you, it’s ten to
one your kidneys are out of order. Foley’s Kidney Cure will bring you
health and energy. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss Nannie Stokes is visiting friends in Evansville.

       *       *       *       *       *

Keep your system in perfect order and you will have health, even in
the most sickly seasons. The occasional use of Prickly Ash Bitters
will insure vigor and regularity in all the vital organs. St. Bernard
Drugstore.

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss Nannie Wilkins, of Nortonville, was the guest of Mrs. Kate Withers
several days last week.

       *       *       *       *       *

To Asthma Sufferers.

Lawson Elvidge, of Barrington, Ill., says he was cured of chronic asthma
of long standing by Foley’s Honey and Tar. It gives positive relief in
all cases of asthma, so this disease, when not completely cured, is
robbed of all its terrors by this great remedy. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

Misses Lizzie Kilroy and Tillie Adams were in Madisonville shopping,
Monday.

       *       *       *       *       *

Educate Your Bowels With Cascarets

Candy Cathartic, cure constipation forever. 10c, 25c. If C.C.C. fail,
druggists refund money.

       *       *       *       *       *

PERSONAL.

Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Waldon, of Greenville, visited relatives here this
week.

Miss Badye Herndon, of Hopkinsville, visited Mrs. E. A. Chatten last week.

W. L. Weldon and wife are visiting relatives in Muhlenberg county.

Mrs. Eugene Eades is visiting relatives at Central City.

Misses Willie Rust and Kate Mannison, of Hopkinsville, are guests of Mrs.
E. A. Chatten.

Elmo Shaver, of Crofton, was in town Tuesday.

Walter Stodghill, of Madisonville, was in the city on business, Tuesday.

Miss Sadie Stokes is visiting relatives in Crofton.

Mrs. T. B. McGlynan and little daughter, of Nashville, are visiting
relatives here.

Prof. T. H. Smith, of Madisonville, was here on business one day this
week.

Mrs. L. H. O’Brien and daughter, Miss Allouise, are spending these hot
days at Sebree Springs for the benefit of their health. They go and
return on the Providence train daily.

Miss Maggie Devney and little niece, of Evansville, visited relatives and
friends here a few days this week.

Mrs. Barnes and daughter, Lucile, and Miss Claude Grainger, of
Springfield, Tenn., are visiting Mrs. William McCarley.

C. H. McFadden and wife spent Tuesday in the county seat.

Miss Florence McGregor, of St. Charles, has been visiting relatives here.

W. H. Hughes and family have returned to Morganfield, after a week’s
visit to relatives here.

Rev. Joseph Jupin left last week for St. Louis and expects to go from
there to Oklahoma to make his future home.

Rev. J. W. Mitchell is at Henshaw, in Union county this week, where he,
with Rev. E. J. Willis, of Hopkinsville, is conducting a meeting.

W. S. McGary and wife, S. E. Cozatt, wife and son, W. O. Toy, wife and
son, J. W. Twyman and family and Mrs. Arthur Cole spent Tuesday at
Sulphur Springs.

Miss Kate Hoffman has returned from a visit to Nashville.

A. W. Keown is at Sebree Springs.

       *       *       *       *       *

We pay $20 per week and expenses for men or women with rigs to introduce
our Poultry Mixture and insect Destroyer in the country. Address,
EXCELSIOR FOOD CO. Parsons, Kan.

       *       *       *       *       *

Iron Hill Items.

Iron Hill, Ky., July 22, 1901.—Crops are looking badly and farmers are
discouraged.

J. N. Roberts and son went to Hopkins county last week on business.

Wheat threshing is about finished in our community.

Misses Lotta Davis and Ellen Crider, of Tribune, are dangerously ill with
consumption.

Mrs. Tilda Thompson was buried at Shady Grove Thursday. She died of
consumption.

Joe Vinson, of Shady Grove, left last Saturday for Lyon county.

Mrs. Ida M. Roberts is on the sick list.

George Phelps, of Hopkinsville, was in Marion Sunday.

Mrs. Docia Brooks, of Illinois, has been visiting relatives in this
county.

Mrs. E. T. Eranks, of Owensboro, was the guest of friends in Marion last
week.

Chas. Wadlington, of Memphis, is visiting in Marion.

Senator Deboe went to Canton, Ohio, last week to see President McKinley
on political business.

Professor Evans will conduct the Hardin County, Ky., teachers institute
at Elizabethtown next week.

Uriah W. Robertson, of Pope county, Ill., and Mrs. Mollie E. Flanary, of
Marion, were married at the Gill house Tuesday.

D. H. Franks has gone into the hotel business at Cripple, Col. He has
charge of one of the largest hostelries in that city.

Ex-Sheriff John Franks is in Deming, New Mexico, and his health is
improving. He expects to go to Colorado soon, where he will spend some
time before returning home.

The Crittenden county teachers institute will convene in Marion Monday
morning. No instructor has been employed. The teachers will conduct the
institute themselves this year.

Several small boys were arrested Thursday and brought before Judge
Gilbert, charged with shooting craps. There was no evidence sufficient to
convict the youngsters and they were acquitted.

Thos. J. Yandell died at the home of his father, Mr. Jeff Yandell, of
the Chapel Hill neighborhood, Friday, after a short illness. The funeral
was conducted at Chapel Hill Sunday. Mr. Yandell was 25 years old and was
a young man of splendid character.

J. H. McMican, of Oklahoma, is visiting his friends in this county. He
was formerly a grocery merchant here, going west a few years ago to “grow
up with the country.” Judging from the shadow he cast now we are of the
opinion that the country has had a struggle to grow up with him.

Miss Kora Mae Klapp and R. C. Ballard, both of Jonesboro, Ark., were
married at the residence of Mr. R. A. Moore, of Marion Thursday and left
for Jonesboro that evening.

The drouth is simply fearful. Corn, tobacco, gardens, and in fact
everything growing out of the ground is ruined. So many failed to sow
wheat last fall, and should the dry spell continue a few days more they
will be without bread for their families. Their only show then is to try
it again. We have so many good farmers who depend entirely on a tobacco
crop for their money, who will be left in a fix, and our stock men who
have small herds of cattle, with nothing to take them through the winter.
It is a serious matter to the farmer, while our town brothers are also
affected, for with the failing of the farmer, so goes it with the town
man.

                                                                  J. E. R.

       *       *       *       *       *

The List of Wounded

who have been healed by Banner Salve is very large. It heals all wounds
or sores and leaves no scar. Take no substitute. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

The whole island of New York was originally bought of the Indians for an
equivalent of twenty-five dollars. Today New York has a population of
3,500,000, which is exceeded by only one other city—London. Its wealth
is enormous; its annual expenditures are more than twice those of the
Republic of Mexico, and as much as those of the German Empire with a
population of 52,000,000. And it has become the financial center of the
world. July Ladies’ Home Journal.

       *       *       *       *       *

In warm weather Prickly Ash Bitters helps your staying qualities. Workers
who use it occasionally stand the heat better and are less fatigued at
night. St. Bernard Drugstore.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A Cup of Good Coffee

To get a really good cup of coffee you’ll have to start back of the
actual making; you’ll have to look to the roasting and the grinding. In
ARBUCKLES’ you have a coffee that’s scientifically roasted, and delivered
to you with all the pores of the berry hermetically sealed. You’re sure
of a good cup of coffee because all the coffee flavor and aroma are kept
intact until you want it. The fame of ARBUCKLES’ induced other coffee
packers to put out imitations of it. These imitations cost the grocer
(and you) a cent a pound less than ARBUCKLES’. But don’t be tempted to
buy a package of some other coffee when you can get

Arbuckles’ Roasted Coffee

for it is actually less expensive than the cheap kind; goes
further—besides being better flavored, more satisfying.

You will find a list of useful articles in each package or Arbuckles’
Coffee. A definite part of one of these articles becomes yours when you
buy the coffee. The one you select from the list will be sent you on
condition that you send to our Notion Department a certain number of
signatures cut from the wrappers.

                              ARBUCKLE BROS.
                               Notion Dept.
                           New York City, N.Y.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: CALIFORNIA

First-Class Sleepers Daily Between CHICAGO & SAN FRANCISCO Without Change

Are carried on the Limited Trains of the Great Rock Island Route

D. & R. G.—R. G. W.—Southern Pacific. Best Scenery of the Rockies and
Sierra Nevada.

By Daylight in Both Directions.

Best Dining Car Service. Buffet Library Cars. Send for “Chicago to
California.” describing the journey through.

LOW RATE

PERSONALLY CONDUCTED TOURIST EXCURSIONS

To San Francisco and Los Angeles.

Leave Chicago Tuesdays via Scenic Route.

Leave Chicago Thursdays via Scenic Route.

Leave Chicago Tuesdays via Southern Route.

Improved Tourist Cars. Fast Trains.

Write for Itinerary and Tourist Dictionary.

JOHN SEBASTIAN, G.P.A., CHICAGO.]

       *       *       *       *       *

F. V. ZIMMER, Attorney-at-Law, MADISONVILLE, KY.

Will practice in the Courts of Hopkins and adjoining counties.

       *       *       *       *       *

JOB WORK

Will receive prompt attention at this office. Estimates furnished upon
application.

       *       *       *       *       *

_Foley’s Honey and Tar for children, safe, sure. No opiates._

       *       *       *       *       *

SEC’Y WILSON’S OPINION.

Does Not Take So Gloomy a View of the Prospects as Some So-Called Experts.

HOPEFUL OF AN AVERAGE CORN CROP.

If Farmers Would Extend the Period Of Corn Cultivation Two Weeks We Could
Look for a Big Crop—Says Farmers Will “Lay By” Their Corn Too Soon.

New York, July 24.—A dispatch to the Tribune from Washington, says:
Mr. Wilson, secretary of agriculture, has favored the Tribune with a
talk on the effects of the long-continued drought on the growing crops
of the west. He does not take so gloomy a view of the agricultural
prospect between the Allegheny and the Rocky mountains, as do some of the
so-called experts who are not connected with the government service. Nor
yet does Mr. Wilson attempt to minimize the injury already done and that
will increase unless there is a great precipitation of moisture during
the next few weeks in the vast stretch of country between the continental
mountain ranges. While he acknowledged that the hard wheat belt of
the northwest has been damaged, he does not yet despair of an average
yield of corn in the corn belt, which he defines as extending east from
the Missouri river to the Alleghenies, embracing the states of Iowa,
Wisconsin, the northern part of Missouri and all of Illinois, Indiana and
Ohio.

A Regretable Loss.

The most regretable loss from the view point of the department, declares
the secretary, is that of the macaroni wheat crop. For the first time an
experiment had been made this year in the production of this variety of
wheat on a large scale in the United States. Secretary Wilson has been
encouraging this experiment ever since he has been at the head of the
agricultural department, and imported the seed from northern Africa,
where most of the wheat is produced which supplies Europe and the world
with macaroni.

The secretary is especially hopeful of an average corn crop. He says
it will not be a record breaker or “a bumper,” in the parlance of the
agricultural department, but, at this moment the prospects favor a fair
average yield.

Advice to Farmers.

“If something could be done to induce the farmers in the corn belt,” said
Mr. Wilson, “to extend their period of cultivation about two weeks this
year beyond the usual limit, I would look for a big crop. But the usual
season for cultivation is rapidly drawing to a close, and I fear that
with comparatively few exceptions the farmers will ‘lay by’ their corn
at the regular time, regardless of the drought. In the entire corn belt,
with the exception of Missouri, which has a shallow soil, 30 inches of
rain during the year is all that is needed to produce a crop. If even
only 12 or 14 inches of this falls during the four months of production a
good yield can be counted on.

Stir the Soil.

“The corn belt soil, with the exception noted, is deep, and holds
moisture well. To utilize this conserved moisture to the best advantage
in the absence of rain the soil should be continually stirred, so as
to make what we call a mulch, until the crop is matured. Therefore,
I repeat that if the farmers in the corn belt at this time could be
shown the advisability of extending their cultivation season about
two weeks we could look for a good yield this year. The farmer, like
every other business man, always does what he believes to be best for
his own interest, but in a case like this it is extremely difficult to
disseminate broadly in farming communities the information that is of
pressing and immediate value. By this I mean if we only could spread all
through the corn belt the news that if the season of cultivation were
extended about two weeks beyond the usual limit, there would need be no
fear of the result.”

       *       *       *       *       *

HE DISLIKES TO RETURN.

McDowell Refuses to Return to Missouri Without the Formality of
Requisition.

Washington, July 23.—Sheriff Joseph F. Dickman and Detective John W.
Cardell, of St. Louis, arrived here to take charge of John McDowell, who
was arrested here Saturday after attempting to obtain jewelry from two
local places on the pretense of being Senator Hanna’s son. McDowell,
however, refused to go to St. Louis without a requisition.

       *       *       *       *       *

Fire in a Hotel.

Ottumwa, Ia., July 23.—Fire broke out in the Laclede hotel here, and
caused the loss of one life. The property loss was nominal. The fire
gained rapid headway and filled the hotel with smoke. John O’Connor, of
Mount Pleasant, was suffocated. The 18 other guests had narrow escapes.
The origin of the fire is unknown.

       *       *       *       *       *

Will Turn Back Now.

Washington, July 23.—The treasury employes who place the seals and
numbers on notes of the United States on Monday reached the number
100,00,000 on the one-dollar silver certificates of the series of 1899.
The numbers will not go any higher, as the printers have been instructed
to turn back to number 1 of letter A.

       *       *       *       *       *

OTHERWISE UNNOTICED.

Gov. Savage of Nebraska has proclaimed Friday a day of prayer for relief
from the drought.

In the cruise of the New York Yacht club the Constitution easily defeated
the Columbia in a 21-mile course.

At St. Joseph, Mo., the price of milk has been advanced from 5 cents to
6¼ cents a quart as a result of the scarcity of feed caused by the dry
weather.

The powers at Pekin have finally agreed upon 450,000,000 taels as the
amount of the Chinese indemnity.

George H. Daniels, of the New York Central, wants the standard time
between Chicago and New York reduced to 26 hours.

Jesse Higginbotham shot and killed William Hines, a neighboring farmer,
at Bowling Green, Ky., over domestic troubles.

Rear Admiral Sampson, in discussing the MacLay history, accuses Schley of
having made conflicting statements concerning his part in the Santiago
naval battle.

Fully 67,000 men and women are involved in the strike of the Garment
Workers in New York.

J. D. Eckman, manager of the joint-rate inspection bureau at
Indianapolis, died Monday. He was known among railroad men all over the
country.

Many farmers in the vicinity of Harrisburg, Ill., are pasturing their
corn fields on account of pastures being burned up, and the corn is
worthless for anything else. In a number of localities praying and
fasting are resorted to in the hope of bringing rain.

Congressman Champ Clark, of Missouri, says there will not be five bushels
of corn raised in his township, in Pike county.

Ten dead, one man driven insane and five prostration were the results of
Sunday’s heat in Chicago.

Plate glass windows were cracked by heat at Paris, Ill.

Rains were reported in the following Missouri counties Monday night:
Pettis, Linn, Randolph, Jasper, Benton, Bates, Jackson, Miller and
Carroll. They are western and southwestern counties.

August N. Meir, aged 48, prominent at Sedalia, Mo., died from heat.

Martin Pearson was sunstruck while bathing in a creek near Moline, Ill.,
and will die.

John Hamilton, contractor, was overcome by heat at Mattoon, Ill., and
fell from a ladder. He may die.

Near Mattoon, Ill., Edward Robinson, for two years a soldier in the
Philippines, died from heat. Jesse Reed, another returned Philippine
soldier, was overcome at the funeral.

Earl Moore of Westfield, Ill., received a severe sunstroke.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. Nation Sent to Jail.

Topeka, Kas., July 23.—Mrs. Carrie Nation was fined $100, and given
a 30-days’ jail sentence by Judge Hazen in the district court for
disturbing the peace and dignity of the city by a Sunday joint raid last
March. There is no appeal.

       *       *       *       *       *

Forest Fires in Colorado.

Denver, Col., July 23.—Destruction by forest and prairie fires is
reported from different points in the state, directly attributable to the
condition of grass and timber from the long dry spell.

       *       *       *       *       *

Stopped Payment.

Kansas City, Mo., July 23.—The Traders’ Grain Co., of this city, has
stopped payment, and, it is said, the liabilities amount to $150,000. The
company operated on a capital of $20,000. The failure was caused by the
advance in cereals.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crossed the Atlantic in a Small Boat.

Lisbon, July 21.—The 25-foot sloop yacht Great Republic, in which Capt.
Howard Blackburn sailed from Gloucester, Mass., last month, has arrived
here, the passage having occupied 38 days.

       *       *       *       *       *

Hot Wave In Denmark.

Copenhagen, July 22—A hot wave is spreading over Denmark. At several
points, Sunday, the temperature reached 91 degrees.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MARKETS

                     New York, July 24.

    CATTLE—Native Steers           $ 4.60     @ $ 6.00
    COTTON—Middling                           @      8¾
    FLOUR—Winter Wheat               3.55     @   3.80
    WHEAT—No. 2 Red                    74¼    @     87¼
    CORN—No. 2                         57⅞    @     58¼
    OATS—No. 2                         40½    @     41
    PORK—Mess New                   16.00     @  16.50

                           ST. LOUIS.
    COTTON—Middling                           @      8¼
    BEEVES—Steers                    4.50     @   6.10
           Cows and Heifers          3.90     @   4.50
    CALVES—(per 100 lbs)             2.25     @   5.25
    HOGS—Fair to Choice              5.00     @   6.17½
    SHEEP—Fair to Choice             2.50     @   3.00
    FLOUR—Patents                    3.30     @   3.45
          Other Grades               2.40     @   3.30
    WHEAT—No. 2 Red                    66⅜    @     66½
    CORN—No. 2                         54⅛    @     54¼
    OATS—No. 2                         36     @     37½
    RYE—No. 2                          57½    @     58
    TOBACCO—Lugs                     3.50     @   8.50
    Leaf Burley                      4.50     @  12.00
    HAY—Clear Timothy               14.00     @  17.00
    BUTTER—Choice Dairy                13     @     16½
    BACON—Clear Rib                           @      9¼
    EGGS—Fresh                          6     @      7
    PORK—Standard Mess (new)                  @  15.75
    LARD—Choice Steam                         @      8½

                            CHICAGO.

    CATTLE—Native Steers             4.25     @   6.00
    HOGS—Fair to Choice              5.55     @   6.20
    SHEEP—Fair to Choice             3.90     @   4.50
    FLOUR—Winter Patents             3.50     @   3.80
          Spring Patents             3.25     @   3.55
    WHEAT—No. 3 Spring                        @     67¾
          No. 2 Red                    69     @     69½
    CORN—No. 2                         53¾    @     54
    OATS—No. 2                         37     @     37½
    PORK—Mess                       14.10     @  14.15

                           KANSAS CITY.

    CATTLE—Native Steers             4.75     @   5.90
    HOGS—Fair to Choice              5.60     @   6.05
    WHEAT—No. 2 Red                           @     68
    CORN—No. 2                         60     @     62
    OATS—No. 2                         43     @     44

                           NEW ORLEANS.

    FLOUR—High Grades                3.50     @   4.00
    CORN—No. 2                                @     61
    OATS—No. 2                                @     42½
    HAY—Choice                      16.50     @  19.00
    PORK—Standard Mess              15.50     @  15.75
    BACON—Short Rib Sides               9     @      9½
    COTTON—Middling                           @      8⅜

                             LOUISVILLE.

    WHEAT—No. 2 Red                    70     @     71½
    CORN—No. 2                         54     @     55½
    OATS—No. 2                         36½    @     38
    PORK—New Mess                   15.75     @  16.00
    BACON—Short Rib                     9¼    @      9⅜
    COTTON—Middling                           @      8⅛

       *       *       *       *       *

THE INDIAN LAND OPENING.

Secretary Hitchcock Will be Ready to Meet the Disgruntled Obstructionists.

Washington, July 24.—Secretary Hitchcock said with reference to the
effort to prevent the opening of the Oklahoma Indian lands to settlement
by injunction proceedings at El Reno, that the preparations of the
department for the opening would proceed as though no suit had been
begun. “We shall not let the matter go by default,” he said, “but we
apprehend no obstacle from that proceeding. Anyone can bring a suit.”

An Absurd Proposition.

The secretary took cognizance of reports coming from Oklahoma that men
who are registering at Reno and Fort Sill are doing so with the intention
of transferring their rights to others. “The report,” he said, “is to
the effect that they can and will dispose of their numbers at enormous
profits. That is absurd, because it is impossible, under the regulations,
for them to transfer their rights. For any of them to attempt to do so
would be a clear violation of the law. They take an oath not to do such a
thing, and to use their rights for their own exclusive benefit. There can
be no speculation in these numbers.”

Alleged Town Site Schemes.

The secretary also said that reports are coming to the department of
schemes for disposing of numerous town sites, the promoters offering
chances to the public. “The only town sites which have been authorized,”
the secretary said, “are those of the three county seats. No others have
been sanctioned, and no one knows where others will be. Hence all except
those three are bogus, and reports of their establishment should be
denounced as intended to deceive the public.”

Auction Plan Not Feasible.

Referring to the suggestion that the new lands should be sold at auction
and the proceeds of the sale turned over to the Indians, the secretary
said:

“These lands are as much government property as are any other part of
the public domain. They have been purchased from the Indians and title
is no longer in them. Hence the plan is not feasible. Moreover, it would
not be wise if practicable, for if the lands were put up at auction they
all would fall into the hands of men with money, and the poor man would
have no chance whatever. Under the present plan all have equal rights
regardless of conditions of wealth, and that this fact is recognized is
made evident by the large number taking advantage of the opportunity for
registration.”

The registration will close at 6 p.m. on the 26th.

       *       *       *       *       *

PORTO RICAN DUTIES.

The Attorney General Refuses to Render an Opinion on Certain Porto Rican
Duties.

Washington, July 23.—Attorney-General Knox has declined to render an
opinion, which was asked for by the secretary of the treasury, on the
question whether or not, under existing laws, the secretary is authorized
to refund the duties collected on goods imported from Porto Rico between
the date of the ratification of the Spanish treaty and the date that the
Foraker act went into operation. The attorney general says that inasmuch
as the comptroller of the treasury has given his decision on the subject
it is a matter for him (the comptroller) alone, and he therefore can not
give a decision as requested.

It is authoritatively stated at the treasury department that the
government will proceed immediately to refund these duties, acting upon
the decision of the comptroller of the treasury, which was to the effect
that the treasury department had authority under existing law. The duties
amount approximately to $2,000,000.

       *       *       *       *       *

OOM PAUL’S WIFE IS DEAD.

Mrs. Kruger, Wife of the Former President of the Transvaal Republic Dead
at Pretoria.

Pretoria, July 21—Mrs. Kruger, wife of the former president of the
Transvaal republic, who is now in Europe, died Saturday evening, of
pneumonia, after an illness of three days, aged 67 years.

Mrs. Kruger was the second wife of the former Transvaal president. She
was a Miss Du Plessis, a name of prominence in South Africa. Mr. Kruger’s
first wife was her aunt.

Mrs. Kruger was a typical Boer woman. She cared nothing for finery, and
at her home in Pretoria, she had all the simplicity of manner and mode
of living of the plainest woman of the veldt. It was said of her, even
at the time when her husband was accumulating millions, that her chief
interest in life was to see how much she could save in her housekeeping.
Throughout the Transvaal she was famous for her coffee, which she always
had ready for visitors.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ohio Bryan Democrats.

Cleveland, O., July 24.—At a preliminary meeting here of the leaders of
the bolt among the Bryan democrats, George A. Groot, of this city, has
been chosen as temporary chairman of the state convention to be held at
Columbus, July 31. Dr. Abner L. Davis, of Findlay, will be the temporary
secretary.

       *       *       *       *       *

Luther B. Richardson.

Grand Forks, N.D., July 23.—Luther B. Richardson, ex-mayor of this city,
and formerly territorial secretary, died here. He had been prominently
connected with the political history of the state for the past 25 years.

       *       *       *       *       *

RHEUMATISM and CATARRH CURED BY Johnston’s Sarsaparilla

QUART BOTTLES.

IN THE SHADOW OF DEATH.

A Whole Family Cured.

Mrs. C. H. Kingsbury, who keeps a millinery and fancy goods store at St.
Louis, Gratiot Co., Mich., and who is well known throughout the country,
says:

    “I was badly troubled with rheumatism, catarrh and neuralgia.
    I had liver complaint and was very bilious. I was in a bad
    condition; every day I began to fear that I should never be a
    well woman; that I should have to settle down into a chronic
    invalid, and live in the shadow of death. I had JOHNSTON’S
    SARSAPARILLA recommended to me. I TOOK FOUR BOTTLES AND IT
    CURED ME, and cured my family both. I am very glad that I heard
    of it. I would cheerfully recommend it to every one. I have
    taken many other kinds of medicine. I prefer JOHNSTON’S to all
    of them.”

MICHIGAN DRUG CO., Detroit, Mich.

For sale by St. Bernard Drugstore, Earlington, Ky.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MASSACHUSETT’S WAY.

Jury in Famous Murder Trial Empaneled in Thirty-Five Minutes.

NO HYPOTHETICAL QUESTIONS.

A Pittsfield, Mass., dispatch tells how the jury in the now famous
Fosburgh murder trial was obtained “in the time it would take to
formulate the first hypothetical question” in some other States. Under
the Massachusetts system a man may have somewhat of a definite idea of
what goes on around him and yet not be disqualified as a juror.

The dispatch says:

    They do these things well in Massachusetts. Twelve good
    men were chosen to stand judgment upon Robert S. Fosburgh,
    and it required thirty-five minutes to do it. A panel had
    been prepared and from it the candidates were called. Each
    individual was sworn and Judge Stevens then questioned him as
    to his eligibility. Each side was permitted but two peremptory
    challenges, and each side had one challenge remaining when the
    jury box was filled. Several of the candidates, although they
    gave satisfactory answers to the questions propounded, failed
    to please Judge Stevens, who excused them. On agreement no
    juror was taken from Pittsfield. Called before the court, the
    juror heard these questions:

    “Are you related to the defendant or have you any interest in
    this case?”

    “Have you expressed or formed an opinion that would prevent
    you forming a conclusion whether the defendant is guilty or
    innocent solely upon the evidence?”

    “Are you sensible of any bias or prejudice?”

    In the time it would take to formulate the first hypothetical
    question in New York this jury was obtained. Court was called
    at 9 o’clock. Two hours and five minutes later the jury had
    heard the opening address for the State. Testimony began in the
    afternoon. District Attorney Hammond pursued an argumentative
    line for some time in his opening address. Mr. Joyner for the
    defense whispered an objection to the court. Judge Stevens
    halted Mr. Hammond, spoke to him in a whisper, and the case
    continued without further argument. Not once during the day did
    counsel clash and business proceeded the more quickly because
    it was so. Perhaps when the case is older and the defense less
    fears the attacks of the prosecution, Mr. Hibbard and Mr.
    Joyner may do less whispering.

       *       *       *       *       *

Letter List.

Frank Bryan, Tom Brown, Mrs. Ollie Farrett, L. B. Hampton, W. I. Hamby,
Bob Heflin, Mrs. John Kusler, Robert Samples, Marion Slaton, Silas
Sarden, Clarence Willingham, R. W. Wines, Minnie Wines.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. Dan M. Evans and sons returned Tuesday night from their visit to
Minnesota. Mr. Evans met them at St. Louis.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. Amanda Wilkins has been appointed postmistress at Nortonville.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mrs. W. C. Mercer and brother are here with their father, James Kelly,
who was hurt some weeks ago.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. H. H. Holeman was overcome by the heat at his home in Madisonville
Tuesday and was for a time the object of much solicitation. We are glad
to say he was much improved yesterday.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: FOLLOW THE CROWDS TO THE GREAT

Hopkins County Fair

CARNIVAL AND MIDWAY OF ALL NATIONS

MADISONVILLE, KY.

AUGUST 6, 7, 8, 9 AND 10, 1901

    Every Day a Special Day.
    Every Night a Special Night.
    Best managed Fair in the World at the Best Place of its Size on Earth.
    Largest Amphitheatre in the State.
    Five Rattling Races Daily.
    Magnificent Displays in Show Rings and Floral Hall
    Eighteen Thrilling Free Attractions
    Twenty Big Tented Shows.
    Grounds Illuminated at Night.
    Something kept going from 9 a.m. to 12 p.m.
    All previous attempts eclipsed beyond comparison.
    Unique Combination of Attractions.

C. C. GIVENS, Pres. H. H. HOLEMAN, Secy.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Timbering a Mine Airway.

One of the best criticisms of modern text-books is that while they
describe how a thing ought to be done, they do not tell how to do it.
This criticism was brought out a few days since in conversation with a
practical miner who has a laudable desire to understand the best methods
in mining practice. This man in the opinion of the average miner would
be considered as possessing a very fair idea of mining work in general,
and of timbering in particular. Most men would be satisfied with this,
but to use his own words, while he understood the methods of timbering as
explained in books, “The proposition in a mine airway is a different one
from that on paper. Why do you not tell us,” said he, “how the sticks are
put up?”

Much importance attaches to the wedging of a timber set. The wedges
should be of oak and cut from 6 to 10 inches in width, and from 2 to 4
inches in thickness, and 12 to 18 inches long, according to size of the
timbers and the height of the airway, nature of the roof, etc. The wedge
should have a taper of about 1 inch to the foot. When there is much
clearance space between the top of the collar and the roof, two wedges
are often driven against each other, one above the other. In driving a
wedge the timber should be placed a little out of position toward the
side upon which the wedge is driven, since the action of driving will
naturally carry the timber forward. If desired, two wedges may be driven
side by side at each end of the collar, but from opposite sides. A wedge
should never be driven at the center of the cross-beam, except it may
be in special cases, and then only after the timbers have taken the
weight. The position of the wedges above the collar should be slightly
inside of or toward the center of the entry from the top of the leg, so
that the line of pressure will act to arch the weight over the airway.
Two average timbermen can frame and place in position from 12 to 20
sets of timber in a 6-foot airway in an 8-hour shift, but the work will
depend very much upon the amount of cutting and trimming required in the
floor, ribs and root of the airway, and the character of the roof in
particular.—“Practical Mining Studies,” in Mines and Minerals for July.
1901.

       *       *       *       *       *

Miss Sophia DeVylder, of this place, and Mr. James David, of Providence,
eloped to Evansville Sunday and were married.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: EVANSVILLE AND TERRE HAUTE R.R.

TRUNK LINE TO THE NORTH

EVANSVILLE ROUTE

    CHICAGO
    DANVILLE
    TERRE HAUTE
    VINCENNES
    EVANSVILLE
    NASHVILLE
    BIRMINGHAM
    MONTGOMERY
    MOBILE
    NEW ORLEANS

THROUGH SERVICE

Via L. & N., E. & T. H. and C. & E. I.

2 Vestibuled Through Trains Daily, Nashville to Chicago

Through Buffet Sleeping and Day Coaches New Orleans to Chicago.

F. P. JEFFRIES G.P.A. EVANSVILLE, IND.

D. H. HILLMAN G.S.A. NASHVILLE TENN.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A GOOD HORSE

You may be sure of having a good horse for your drive if you place your
order with us, for that is the kind of horse we furnish. We keep them in
good condition and

BUY THE BEST.

We would like to have your order for any kind of a rig you may need. We
would like to show how promptly and satisfactorily we can serve you.

BARNETT & ARNOLD.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscribe for The Bee

       *       *       *       *       *

SCORCHING!

Monday and Tuesday the Hottest Days on Record in Earlington.

OFFICIAL TEMPERATURE WAS 106.

All Earlington thought that Thursday, July 11, was the record for high
temperature for this year. That day the mercury mounted to 103. Since
then 100 and 101 degrees have seemed almost mild. But Monday the valley
in which nestles this model and contented mining and railroad town was
a veritable bake-oven with no relief, no escape from the heat of the
burnished heavens save in the caverns of the earth among the black
diamonds under the surrounding picturesque hills. It is a blessing to be
a busy coal miner while the sun is so intimate a neighbor. Tuesday the
same high temperature was reached.

Ed J. Phillips became over-heated at his work in the St. Bernard general
store where the temperature went above 100. The effect of this he did not
feel until evening when he was found in a severe cramping spell in the
yard at home. Next morning he was better and has since been improving.

One of our Earlington physicians, wishing to take a patient’s temperature
was bewildered to find that he could not shake his mercury below 102. He
understood when he found what maximum had been reached outside.

Here is the Earlington record of a continued “hot time” for more than a
month:

    June   15   87
           16   94
           17   89
           18   88
           19   91
           20   92
           21   97
           22  100
           23   98
           24   99
           25   98
           26   95
           27   95
           28   98
           29   98
           30   95
    July    1   92
            2   98
            3   95
            4   95
            5   92
            6   93
            7   90
            8   84
            9   88
           10   97
           11  103
           12   96
           13   93
           14   94
           15  100
           16   99
           17   94
           18   92
           19   97
           20   98
           21  101
           22  106
           23  106
           24  103

       *       *       *       *       *

Hopkinsville’s Hottest Day.

Hopkinsville, Ky., July 22.—Local heat records were broken here today,
when at 2 o’clock the mercury in the government thermometer darted up
to 108. Many private thermometers registered as high as 112, and A. A.
Winfree, a merchant at Caskey, says that the thermometer in front of his
store stopped at 120 at 3 o’clock.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PISO’S CURE FOR CONSUMPTION

25 CTS

CURES WHERE ALL ELSE FAILS.

Best Cough Syrup. Tastes Good. Use in time. Sold by druggists.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Henderson’s Highest Mark.

Henderson, Ky., July 22.—The thermometer reached 106½ here this afternoon
at 2 o’clock. This is 4½ degrees higher than ever known. No rain has
fallen here since June 16, when only one-fifth of an inch fell. One
prostration is reported.

       *       *       *       *       *

Daviess Crops Suffer.

Owensboro, Ky., July 22.—Reports from all over the country show that
everything is burning up because of the lack of rain. The farmers’
outlook in this section is exceedingly gloomy. The corn and tobacco crops
are almost given up in many places.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ASK YOUR GROCER FOR

Ralston

The 5 Minute Breakfast Food.]

       *       *       *       *       *

PURINA HEALTH FLOUR.

MAKES

“BRAIN BREAD.”

PURINA MILLS ST. LOUIS. MO.

       *       *       *       *       *

REV. JAMES A. BURDEN

Passes Away Near Marion, Where he had Gone to Conduct a Meeting.

Rev. James A. Burden, pastor of the General Baptist church, died Thursday
morning about six o’clock, near Marion, where he had gone to conduct
a meeting. He was stricken with flux soon after his arrival, and his
condition soon grew alarming. A telephone message was sent his family,
but before his wife could reach his bedside he had passed away.

Bro. Burden came to Earlington from Ohio county about seven years ago and
conducted a very successful meeting at the Missionary Baptist church.
He afterwards organized a church of his own denomination and was chosen
pastor, so he moved his family here, where they have since made their
home. It was largely due to his efforts that the General Baptist church
was built in this city and the re-painting of this church a few weeks ago
was perhaps the last manual labor he ever did.

The remains arrived on the early train Friday morning and were taken to
the church where an impressive funeral service was held, followed by
interment at Earlington cemetery.

The mother, wife and family have the sympathy of many in their
bereavement.

       *       *       *       *       *

DISASTROUS WRECK

Two Men Killed in Head End Collision Near Mortons Gap.

Slight Injuries to Others and Much Loss of Rolling Stock.

The wreck of two freight trains which occurred between Mortons Gap and
Barnsley last Thursday evening—the day of THE BEE’S last issue—was the
most disastrous to life and property of any wreck that has occurred
on this division for a long time. Two men were killed, Brakeman E. N.
Corbett and Cleveland Harris, of Barnsley, who was with other boys
stealing a ride. Arthur Wade had a leg broken. He was with Harris and
Earnest Durham and the latter was also somewhat bruised.

Engineers McGrath and Porter, Conductor Ingram and Brakeman Eastwood were
hurt more or less by jumping from their trains.

The damage to freight and engines and rolling stock was enormous and
hard to estimate. Both trains were going at a good speed and were almost
together before either train crew had the least warning. Engineer McGrath
says he could only give a quick signal with his whistle and jump. He
wondered as he jumped which way the cars would pile up and whether he
would be able to get out of the way. He was bruised and wrenched so that
he has been quite sore since.

Train No. 57 through freight going south, with Conductor Harper and
Engineer McGrath, and the north bound local, No. 82, Conductor Ingram and
Engineer Porter, met by a confusion of orders. One set of orders gave
Mortons Gap as the meeting place and the other set said Earlington. No
official investigation has been made as yet.

E. N. Corbett, who was killed, was head brakeman on the south bound
train. He evidently did not realize any danger until the shock came, when
he was thrown as from a catapult high in air and over both engines. His
neck was broken. He was a young and popular railroad man and leaves a
wife and one child who live in Nashville.

The cars were piled forty feet high and much of the wreckage had to be
burned. Very quick work by the efficient wrecking crew and railroad
officials is recorded and there was only slight delay in the movement of
trains.

       *       *       *       *       *

Stops the Cough and Works Off the Cold.

Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold in one day. No cure, no pay.
Price 25 cents.

       *       *       *       *       *

The young ladies who are visiting in the city were given an excursion
through the mines by W. F. Sheridan last Monday night. The party was
chaperoned by Jno. M. Victory and Mrs. E. A. Chatten. All had a jolly
time.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscribe for THE BEE.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: LION COFFEE

A LUXURY WITHIN THE REACH OF ALL!

The consumption of

LION COFFEE

has increased immensely, and this coffee is now used in millions of homes.

The grocers all over the country keep us busy delivering LION COFFEE to
them.

You will find no stale =LION COFFEE= on his shelves—it sells too fast to
grow stale. Why? Because it is an absolutely pure coffee.

Our motto is Strength, Purity and Flavor.

Please bear in mind that Lion Coffee is not a glazed article; it is
not coated with egg mixtures or chemicals in order to give it a better
appearance. We do not need to resort to such measures—we have no
imperfections to hide!

Watch our next advertisement.

In every package of =LION COFFEE= you will find a fully illustrated and
descriptive list. No housekeeper, in fact, no woman, man, boy or girl
will fail to find in the list some article which will contribute to their
happiness, comfort and convenience, and which they may have by simply
cutting out a certain number of Lion Heads from the wrappers of our one
pound sealed packages (which is the only form in which this excellent
coffee is sold.)

WOOLSON SPICE CO., TOLEDO, OHIO.]

       *       *       *       *       *

REPORT NOT CREDITED

That Union Mine Workers Will March Saturday From Barbecue

AND ATTEMPT TO USE FORCE.

Officers, Operators and Miners Ready to Meet Such Demonstration Should it
Occur.

Bills are posted announcing a big picnic and barbecue of United Mine
Workers to be held in a grove just out of Madisonville on next Saturday.
Union miners have been invited from adjoining counties and from Indiana
and Illinois. It is rumored that there is a plan on foot to make this
the occasion of organizing a large marching party to visit the mines and
attempt to force non-union men to quit work. This rumor, although claimed
to be based on authentic information, is not credited by the operators,
but the information has been placed in the hands of county and town
officials and every precaution will be taken to see that good order is
maintained in the county on that day and men who are thoroughly familiar
with the situation say they do not believe the union leaders will permit
their men to hazard such an attack on the rights of citizens of Hopkins
county who choose to work in the mines on non-union basis, but the
officers say they will be prepared to meet any emergency that may arise.

Such tactics as rumor says are now proposed were meant to be used by the
notorious invading party from Indiana who got only as far as Sebree and
then did not reach the mines or the men. That farcical attempt was such
a signal failure that no such thing has since been attempted, although
it has been constantly threatened since the mine workers first set up
headquarters at Madisonville in November last.

Many of the contented miners have been heard to say that the miners of
the county generally would work as usual on the day of the barbecue and
that they had made up their minds not to permit any interference with
their right to work and support their families as they chose.

       *       *       *       *       *

Nebo Notes.

                                                       NEBO, Ky., July 23.

Yesterday was given up as being the hottest day ever known around here,
the mercury going up to 112 in the shade.

Mrs. B. F. McMican who has been visiting friends here returned home today.

Miss Jessie Ramsey of the Corinth country is spending the week with Miss
Thulie Cox.

The revival meeting which is being conducted here so far has been quite
successful having had a good congregation in the day time and the house
crowded at night. A great deal of interest has been manifested.

Misses Ethel Scott and Nannie Crow spent a few days with friends near
here.

Rev. Watson was called away this afternoon to Madisonville to preach the
funeral of Mrs. Smith, an aged lady of that place.

Miss Stella Ford is spending several days here with friends and relatives.

Rev. Currie returned Monday to attend the meeting and will remain over
Sunday which is his regular appointment here.

Miss Graham of near Pleasant View is spending the week here the guest of
Miss Ruby Cox.

Mrs. J. L. Lutz of Stanhope is visiting her mother, Mrs Mattie Jackson,
this week.

J. A. Hill of Providence spent several days the past week with his
daughter near here.

Mr. and Mrs. Boyd Parrish of Earlington were here last week on a visit to
relatives.

Jay Clinton of Providence spent Saturday and Sunday here. He was going
about on crutches having fallen off a telephone pole and crippled himself
considerably.

Miss Jennie Knox is visiting her brother T. B. Knox of this place.

J. B. Peyton and R. P. Hill returned from their work at Beech Grove
Saturday to take a short vacation.

Misses Marlin and Walker of Providence attended preaching here Sunday
morning and evening.

Mrs. James Clinton of Providence is here the guest of Mrs. R. P. Hill.

Watt Rutherford has been home for the past week or two recovering from an
injury which he received while at work on the road.

Mr. W. H. Lynn, candidate for assessor on the Republican ticket, and Mr.
McLaughlin, candidate for the legislature, are here today interviewing
the citizens.

Mrs. J. B. Ferguson spent last week in Hanson visiting friends and
relatives.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PRICKLY ASH BITTERS

CLEANSES THE LIVER AND BOWELS

AND FORTIFIES THE SYSTEM TO RESIST PREVAILING DISEASES.

St. Bernard Drugstore, Special Agents.]

       *       *       *       *       *

COUNTY WILL PROTECT.

County Judge Instructs Sheriff to Appoint Deputies to Protect Mines.

Go on Duty Tomorrow and Will be Paid By the County.

Steps were taken yesterday to put the power of Hopkins county into action
for the protection of the many valuable mining properties in the county
and the lives of the 2,000 employed miners from threatened violence at
the hands of union men from other fields. Based upon information of
threats of violence in the hands of officials of the county and upon
the affidavits of the coal operators of the county, the County Judge
took action yesterday. Under the law he has no alternative when property
owners show cause and demand protection.

Judge Hall has issued orders to Sheriff Hankins to summon and appoint a
large force of discreet men to be armed with guns and assigned to each
of the coal mining properties in the county in sufficient force for
protection of workmen and property from threatened violence.

The authorities are taking every precaution to preserve order and protect
life and property in the county, and the preparations being made will be
sufficient to control any number of men who may come from other counties
and states to attend the mine workers’ barbecue at Madisonville on
Saturday and take part in any attempt to use force against miners or mine
property that is said to be threatened.

The law provides that no less than two nor more than ten men shall be
assigned to each separate piece of property. The deputies are to go on
duty Friday and remain, it is understood until the county authorities are
satisfied all danger of trouble is past. The deputies will be summoned
today and will be paid by the county. The coal operators could have asked
this protection several months ago, but have chosen until now to bear
their own burdens.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mortons Gap Notes.

Mrs. Jones, of Evansville, is visiting relatives here.

Henry Davis and wife returned Tuesday from Livermore.

D. D. Davis went to Pond River Sunday.

C. Moore made his regular trip to the Gap Tuesday.

Dr. A. W. Davis and Wm. Kimmons went to Madisonville Tuesday night.

Sade Grasty and Jim Ezell were in Madisonville Tuesday.

Miss Mabel Bailey, of White Plains, is visiting friends here.

Wm. Sisk and Carl Blanks went to Hanson Sunday.

Hugh Grasty and Orris Baller were in Earlington Monday.

W. W. Littlefield has returned from Hopkinsville.

Edith Browning, of Princeton, is visiting her grandmother here.

Miss Brown, of Hopkinsville, is the guest of Miss Willie Moore this week.

Mrs. B. T. Robinson is very sick.

The infant child of Mr. and Mrs. Harlan Rich died Friday and was buried
Saturday at Grape Vine.

The farmers say unless we have a rain in the next few days the crops will
be a failure. The majority of wells are dry.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR COLORED CITIZENS.

Presiding Elder Warfield of the C.M.E. church held quarterly meeting here
Sunday. Much interest was awakened.

Your correspondent spent Saturday and Sunday at Madisonville attending
the Kentucky Synod of the Cumberland Presbyterian church. Indeed there
was much culture displayed and much interest manifested.

Mrs. I. M. Brooks, of Chicago, is visiting Mrs. Aaron Morton, at
Madisonville. Your correspondent had the pleasure of sharing the comforts
of the Morton home and we can truly say that Mr. and Mrs. Morton are
rearing a family of cultured children.

Mr. Browder, the tall Major man, was in the city last week.

Rev. Hert and two daughters left for Clarksville Wednesday to attend the
S.S. Convention and District Conference of the Third Episcopal District
of A.M.E.Z. Church.

Linus McNary was out Sunday. Wonder why he comes to Earlington so often?

Mrs. N. R. Driver, wife of Prof. N. R. Driver moved to heaven Monday the
22nd inst. She leaves a husband and five children and a host of friends
to mourn her loss. She was loved by every one who knew her. She was a
consistent Christian, a true wife and a devoted mother.

       *       *       *       *       *

How Are Your Kidneys?

Dr. Hobbs’ Sparagus Pills cure all kidney ills. Sample free. Add.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Through Sleepers to Florida via the N. C. & St. L.

QUICK TIME

FINE TRAINS

NO CHANGE OF CARS BETWEEN

    ST. LOUIS AND JACKSONVILLE
    CHICAGO AND JACKSONVILLE

If you ask for Tickets Via the N. C. & St. L. R’y. Folders, maps, etc.,
mailed free to any address.

                                          H. P. Smith, Traffic Manager,
                                          W. L. Danley, Gen’l Pass. Agent,
                                          Nashville, Tenn.

Brandon Nashville]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PATENTS

50 Years’ Experience

Trade Marks

Designs

Copyrights &c.

Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion
free whether an invention is probably patentable. Communications strictly
confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing
patents.

Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive _special notice_, without
charge, in the Scientific American.

A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest circulation of any scientific
journal. Terms, $3 a year; four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealers.

Munn & Co. 361 Broadway. New York Branch Office, 625 F St., Washington,
D.C.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: MISSOURI PACIFIC RAILWAY

Offers the Following Attractions:

ANNUAL MEETING IMPERIAL COUNCIL OF THE MYSTIC SHRINE

KANSAS CITY, MO., June 11th and 12th, 1901

ONE FARE FOR THE ROUND TRIP PLUS $2.00.

EPWORTH LEAGUE MEETING, San Francisco, Cal., JULY 18 TO 21, 1901. GREATLY
REDUCED RATES

Special Excursions to COLORADO and UTAH, JUNE, JULY, AUGUST AND
SEPTEMBER. ONE FARE FOR THE ROUND TRIP (PLUS $2.00).

For Further Information, call on or address R. T. G. MATTHEWS, Traveling
Passenger Agent, LOUISVILLE, KY.

H. C. TOWNSEND, General Passenger and Ticket Agent, ST. LOUIS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE SUNDAY SCHOOL

LESSON IV, THIRD QUARTER, INTERNATIONAL SERIES, JULY 28.

Text of the lesson, Gen. xii, 1-9, Memory Verses—Golden Text Gen. xii,
2—Commentary Prepared by the Rev. D. M. Stearns.

[Copyright, 1901, by American Press Association.]

In chapter x we have 70 descendants of Noah among whom the earth was
divided, and Deut. xxxii, 8, says that God met the bounds of the people
with reference to the number of the children of Israel, although such
people were not then in existence except before God. From before
the world was made both the church and Israel were real to God, and
He clearly saw the end when through them He would rule the world in
righteousness (Isa. xlvi, 9, 10). Chapter xi tells of man’s degeneracy
and union against God to make them a name. This is the beginning of the
story of Babylon, the end of which is found in Rev. xvii and xviii, and
the great feature of which is self glorification. “Let us make us a
name.” Here we have the beginning of languages because of this rebellion.
Then follow the ten generations from Shem to Abram inclusive. In chapter
v we had the ten generations from Adam to Noah inclusive, these 20
generations being on the line of the righteous and leading on to Christ.
Man apart from God ever degenerates. Sin turned Adam and Eve from Eden,
sin brought the deluge and destroyed all except those in the ark, sin
brought the confusion of tongues, and now after 2,000 years sin again
prevails, and from the idol worshipers beyond the river the Lord takes
Abram that He may bless him and make him a blessing to all people on
earth (Joshua xxiv, 2, 3).

1-3. I will bless thee and make thy name great, and thou shalt be a
blessing, and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed. These
are some of the words of the Lord to Abram while yet in Ur of the
Chaldees, by which He would draw him from country and kindred and perform
through him all His pleasure by separating him unto Himself and placing
him in a land which He would in due time give him as an inheritance.
Stephen said in his discourse that the God of glory appeared to Abram,
and it is evident from another record that something more than the
earthly inheritance was set before him, for he looked for a city which
hath foundations whose builder and maker is God (Acts vii, 2; Heb. xi,
10). Notice in these opening verses of our lesson the fourfold “I will”
of the Lord—“I will shew,” “I will make” and the double “I will bless.”
The promises and assurances are all from God. Abram hears, believes,
obeys. He died in faith, not having received the promise, for God gave
him none inheritance in it, yet He promised that He would (Heb. xi, 13;
Acts vii. 5).

4, 5. “Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of
Haran.” In chapter xi, 31, 32, we read that his father, Terah, who
served other gods (Joshua xxiv, 2), accompanied him so far as Haran.
Abram tarried there until his father died, and then, taking with him
Lot, his brother’s son, they came into Canaan. Did Terah hinder Abram?
Might he have gone on into Canaan if he had been willing? These are not
as important questions as such personal ones as the following: Am I by
a lack of faith or by an unwillingness to be separate from this present
evil world, hindering any dear one whose heart is longing for a closer
walk with God? Am I a Terah, saying that Haran is far enough?

6, 7. And the Lord appeared unto Abram and said, “Unto thy seed will I
give this land, and there builded he an altar unto the Lord who appeared
unto him.” We do not read of any appearance of the Lord to Abram at
Haran, for the first verse of our lesson refers to the Lord’s appearance
and message in Mesopotamia (Acts vii, 2, 3), but now, Abram having
obeyed fully, the Lord appears to him a second time and confirms His
promise. Until we obey fully up to the light we have we cannot expect
further light or revelation. This is Abram’s first altar in the land.
By sacrifice he worships God in His appointed way. At this place Jacob
afterward bought a piece of ground. There Joshua gathered Israel for
his farewell address. There he buried the body of Joseph, and there
Jesus talked with the woman at the well (Gen. xxxiii. Joshua xxiv. John
iv). The land was already occupied by the Canaanites, and Abram must be
content with his tent and altar and to be a pilgrim and a stranger until
God’s time should come to give him the land.

8. “There he builded an altar unto the Lord and called upon the name of
the Lord.” This is his second altar in the land, and it is between Bethel
and Hai. The margin says the Ai of Joshua vii. 2. Bethel suggests Gen.
xxviii. 19, and the story of God’s gracious loving kindness to Jacob. But
the principal truth and practical lesson are associated with the altar
and the sacrifice. Happy is the man who, whatever be his home or dwelling
place or surroundings if it be a hut or a palace, in some heathen
wilderness or in some great city, never fails to have his altar unto
the Lord! Redemption by the blood of Christ and constant communion with
Him—these are the two greatest things that any mortal can have, and they
are possible to all who have ever heard of Christ and of His redemption.
He is calling all who have heard His voice to separate themselves from
this present world and live wholly for Him.

9. “And Abram journeyed, going on still toward the south.” It is good
to be always going on in the way of the Lord. We read of David that he
went on and grew great (margin, going and growing), and the Lord God of
hosts was with him (II Sam, v. 10). An enlarging and a winding about is
not out of place, if it be “still upward, still upward, still upward, by
the midst” (Ezek. xii, 7). Peter would call it growing in grace and in
the knowledge of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ (II Pet. iii, 18).
But while on this present earth we are in an enemy’s country, for even
our Lord said that the devil is the prince of this world (John xiv,
30), and we need to watch and pray lest we fall into temptation. If
there is one thing that the devil seems to hate specially it is to see a
believer wholly separated unto God and walking humbly with God, living
for and relying upon Him alone. The rest of this chapter tells of some
sad wandering and stumbling on the part of Abram, even a compact between
himself and his wife to lie in order to save his life, and a consequent
rebuke from a heathen king. Abram’s faith was a matter of growth, and
it had not at this time reached to that implicit trust in God of later
years.

       *       *       *       *       *

The State Sunday School Convention.

The 36th Annual Convention of the Kentucky Sunday School Association is
announced for Danville, Ky., Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday, August 20,
21, 22, 1901. It will bring together five or six hundred of the leading
workers of the state. Each Sunday school is entitled to one delegate
for each 100 or fraction thereof enrolled. These delegates should be
appointed the first Sunday in August, and their names sent at once to J.
S. Trisman, Danville, Ky., so entertainment can be provided. In addition
to these the county is entitled to ten delegates at large. All ministers
are ex-officio delegates. These delegates must secure credentials from
their county officers, which entitles them to free entertainment while
there. The railroads will give reduced rates to all who desire to attend
the convention.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Best Remedy for Stomach and Bowel Troubles.

“I have been in the drug business for twenty years and have sold most all
of the proprietary medicines of any note. Among the entire list I have
never found anything to equal Chamberlain’s Colic. Cholera and Diarrhœa
Remedy for all stomach and bowel troubles.” says O. W. Wakefield, of
Columbus, Ga. “This remedy cured two severe cases of cholera morbus in my
family and I have recommended and sold hundreds of bottles of it to my
customers to their entire satisfaction. It affords a quick and sure cure
in a pleasant form.” For sale by St. Bernard Drug Store, Earlington, Geo.
King, St. Charles; Ben T. Robinson, Mortons Gap.

       *       *       *       *       *

Answer if You Can.

Here is a list of questions for our wide-awake boys:

You can see any day a white horse; did you ever see a white colt?

Why does a horse eat grass backward and a cow forward?

Why does a hop vine wind one way and a bean vine the other?

Where should a chimney be the larger, at the top or bottom, and why?

Can you tell why a horse, when tethered with a rope, always unravels it,
while a cow always twists it into kinky knots?

How old must a grape vine be before it bears?

Can you tell why leaves turn upside down before it rains?

What wood will bear the greatest weight without breaking? Which is the
most elastic?

What is the length of a horse’s head—is it as long as a flour barrel?

What animals have no upper teeth in front, and why?

       *       *       *       *       *

Any advertised dealer is authorized to guarantee Banner Salve, for
tetter, eczema, piles, sprains, cuts, scalds, burns, ulcers and any open
or old sore. John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

AGUINALDO OFFERED HIM FINANCIAL AID

Mr. Bryan Says, But He Would not Consider Proposition.

Lincoln, Neb., July 19.—W. J. Bryan issued a statement to the press last
evening, in which he gives his version of the story that Aguinaldo had
promised him financial aid in one of his campaigns.

Bryan says in this statement that two Filipinos wanted to confer with
him in New York. He refused to meet them. He sent a friend, to whom
the Filipinos said that Aguinaldo was willing to surrender, in case of
Bryan’s election to the presidency, and was also willing to contribute
to Bryan’s campaign fund.

Bryan says he refused to consider either proposition.

       *       *       *       *       *

60,000 Roses in One Bed.

What sightseer at any exposition ever saw 60,000 roses blooming in one
bed? It is a sight never before enjoyed by any visitor to any fair. Yet
on the morning of July 4th William Scott showed to the thousands at the
Rainbow City a single bed of roses covering an area of 1,500 square feet
and having over 900 plants or bushes bearing over 60,000 roses, all in
bloom.

The roses in this superb special show were all of one rare and exquisite
variety, crimson ramblers. This is not a loose, quick-dropping rose,
but a hardy, beauteous bloom that grows in clusters and flourishes
gloriously.—Buffalo Express.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Owensboro fair will be held Aug. 13 to 17. Premiums and purses are
more than double those of former years. Special attractions never before
seen on a fair ground will be exhibited free of charge. The Owensboro
Derby for $1,000 will be the first day. The American Band of Chicago will
furnish the music during the fair. The most novel feature advertised
is Neremus, the bull wrestler, who will meet and defeat the wildest of
bulls every afternoon. Neremus will go into the ring without weapons of
any kind, and will forfeit $10 for any bull he cannot subdue, and that
without injury to the animal.

       *       *       *       *       *

Bumps or Bruises,

sprains or sores, burns or scalds, wounds or cuts, tetter or eczema, all
quickly cured by Banner Salve, the most healing medicine in the world.
Nothing else “just as good.” John X. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

HUGHES’ CHILL TONIC

(PALATABLE)

Better than Calomel or Quinine.

(Contains no Arsenic)

The Old Reliable.

EXCELLENT GENERAL TONIC

as well as

A Sure cure for

CHILLS AND FEVERS. MALARIAL FEVERS, SWAMP FEVERS AND BILIOUS FEVERS.

IT NEVER FAILS.

Just what you need at this season.

MILD LAXATIVE, NERVOUS SEDATIVE, SPLENDID TONIC.

Guaranteed by your Druggists. Don’t take any substitute—Try it.

50c AND $1.00 BOTTLES.

Prepared by ROBINSON PETTET & CO. (INCORPORATED).

LOUISVILLE, KY.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Old Man “Treed.”

(Atlanta Constitution.)

This is a Georgia boy’s account of his father’s entrance into politics:

“Dad has took the stump. I dunno who run him up it; but he’s on it, jest
the same. Dad is after a offis. One paper says he is a born liar: ’nuther
one says he stole a horse, an ’nuther one says he run off with a widder.
W’en ma heard all them things she said she thought she knowed him before,
but is glad she’s found him out at last, an’ jest wait till she ketches
him again.”

       *       *       *       *       *

Every woman starts out in life with an idea that her instinct will always
tell her when her husband is lying. In about two years she thinks it is a
safe rule to think he never tells the truth.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscribe for THE BEE.

       *       *       *       *       *

CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR.

Topic For the Week Beginning July 28—Comment by Rev. S. H. Doyle.

TOPIC.—Missions; true philanthropy.—Gal. vi, 1-10.

Philanthropy is the practical love of mankind. It is “universal good
will, readiness to do good to all men.” Philanthropy should embrace the
entire man—body, mind, soul. It is usually limited to the care of the
body and of the mind, but should not be so limited, because “the soul is
the man, and the man is the soul.” A limited philanthropy is a defective
philanthropy. True philanthropy is not limited and hence not defective.
True philanthropy is nowhere so well illustrated as in Christian
missions. The Christian missionary aims to elevate body, mind and soul,
and therefore is the truest of all philanthropists.

Missions help the physical man. The care of the human body is of most
vital importance. It is the dwelling place of the Holy Ghost and is not
to be denied or dishonored. The relation that exists between the body and
the mind is a most intimate one, and a sound body is a primal necessity
to a sound mind. Heathenism largely ignores the body, and is usually
grossly ignorant of its wants and needs. Christianity gives the care of
the physical man its proper place. It does not deify the body, nor does
it ignore it, but it does give it an important place in man’s nature as
greatly influencing both mind and soul. Wherever the missionary goes
the importance of the human body is emphasized, and the proper methods
for its development, care and preservation are inaugurated, and the
physically weak and infirm are cared for.

Missions help the intellectual man. Christianity is not stoicism. It does
not make the cultivation of the mind the chief end of man’s existence,
but it does believe in the education and development of the intellect;
it does believe in and practice the care of those who are afflicted
with mental infirmities. Wherever the Christian missionary goes there
is renewed interest in education, in the development of the mind. The
church and the school, the Bible and the spelling book, go hand in
hand. Christianity is the handmaiden, not the foe, of education and of
intelligence.

Missions help the spiritual man. The supreme aim of Christian missions is
to care for the human soul, to have it redeemed by the blood of Christ
and kept by the power of the Holy Ghost after it has been redeemed. This
is the end of all missionary work. It would reveal God to man in Jesus
Christ and have God reconciled to man in Christ. No philanthropic work
of any other character can be compared to this. The care of the soul
is of infinitely more importance than the care of body or mind. The
missionary therefore in any every sense is the truest philanthropist.
This fact should increase our missionary zeal. Philanthropy is greatly
magnified today. If we would be the truest of philanthropists, we must be
interested in and supporters of missions.

THE PRAYER MEETING.

Let the missionary committee arrange a special missionary programme.

BIBLE READINGS.

Isa. xxxv, 1-10; lii, 7: Nah. i, 15; Math. vii, 12; x, 5-8; Rom. xii,
9-13; I Cor. xiii. 1-13: xv, 58; II Thess. iii, 13; Rev. xxii, 12.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Light of the World.

Christ is the Light of the World. Followers of Christ are described also
as lights kindled from the great central Light. In Christ’s life the love
of God broke like a glorious sunrise into the darkness of the earth.
We all know how Jesus lived. He was a benediction wherever He went. He
blessed the people by His words, which told them of God’s compassion,
love and truth. He blessed them by His life, in which the bitterest enemy
could find no fault—a life full of sweetness, gentleness, sympathy,
purity and whatsoever things are lovely. He blessed them by His deeds.
He went about doing good, healing, comforting, helping, lifting up,
cleansing lepers, opening blind eyes, scattering kindnesses everywhere.
Christ has passed into heaven, but He wants us to continue His life, with
all its goodness, its beauty, its sweet service. He kindles the life in
me that we may shine as He did,—J.R. Miller, D.D., in United Presbyterian.

       *       *       *       *       *

Needed at All Times.

Faith is a daily requisite. It is more than a pair of spiritual wings,
with which the soul may fly to heaven. We want it in all that we attempt
to do. The work may be insignificant, but faith in its success will give
it dignity and worth. Without this hopeful hopefulness no man can please
God nor even himself.—Presbyterian Journal.

       *       *       *       *       *

Spiritual Life.

God has made everyday humanity, the common duties, the common affections,
so fair, so full of tenderness, so full of claims on our love and
admiration, that were we to watch for them and take their joy the path
would be filled with music and our souls with grace.—Stopford A. Brooke.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Great Decision

    The voice of my departed lord—“Go, teach all the nations”—
    Comes on the night air and awakes my spirit.
    And I will go!
    Henceforth for me it matters not if storm or sunshine be my future lot.
    Bitter or sweet my cup.
    I may not stop to play with shadows or pluck earthly flowers by the way
    Till I my work have done and rendered up account,
    And when I come at last to lay me down and die,
    Perhaps all unattended, ’neath the cocoa’s shade,
    It will be sweet to me to know that I have toiled
    For other worlds than this,
    And, oh, if any for whom satan has struggled as he has for me
    Should through my labors ever reach yon blissful shore.
    Through all the ages of eternal years
    My happy spirit never shall regret
    That toil and suffering once were mine below!

                                                               —Selected.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ST. BERNARD COAL COMPANY INCORPORATED

Miners and Shippers of COAL AND COKE.

General Office, Earlington, Kentucky.

Branch Offices

  S. H. NEWBOLD, Manager, 342 West Main Street, Louisville, Ky.
  JAMES R. LOVE, Manager, 261 North Cherry Street, Nashville, Tenn.
  CAPT. R. G. ROUSE, Manager, Palmer House, Broadway, Paducah, Ky.
  CAPT. T. L. LEE, Manager, Corner Main and Auction Streets, Memphis, Tenn.
  A. S. FORD, Manager, 327 Upper Second Street, Evansville, Ind.

Wholesale Agents.

  HUNT & BRO., Memphis, Tennessee.
  HESSER & MILTON, Rialto Building, St. Louis, Mo.
  J. W. BRIDGMAN, Room 404, Fisher Building, Chicago, Ill.

THE FAMOUS NO. 9 COAL,

For all uses, from Earlington, Diamond and St. Charles Mines. Only
Vibrating Screens and Picking Tables used. THE BEST SELECTED COAL IN THE
MARKET.

CRUSHED COKE FOR BASE BURNERS AND FURNACES.

Why buy High-priced Anthracite Coal, when you can get ST. BERNARD CRUSHED
COKE for a much less price? One ton of the Crushed Coke will do the same
work as one ton of the best Anthracite Coal.

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR IT AND SAVE MONEY]



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK 74702 ***
